Continuing the session
I re-declared the European Parliament’s session on Friday, December 17, 1999, and I wish you a happy new year, hoping you will enjoy a pleasant adventure.
Although the fault of the millennium did not occur, in many countries people suffered from a series of natural disasters that were terrifying.
You have asked for a discussion over the next few days, during this session.
Meanwhile, I would like to follow the scope of the attack, as several members have asked for all victims, especially horrible storms, in different countries of the European Union.
Get up, in the silence of this moment.
(The government got up and noticed a minute of silence.)
Chairman of Maddam, somewhere.
From the press and television, you know that there have been several explosions and complaints in Sri Lanka.
Kumar Ponnambalam, one of the  murhaed people in Sri Lanka, had been to the European Parliament a few months ago.
Would it be appropriate for you, President of Madam to write a letter to the President of Sri Lanka, who expresses the remorse of Parliament over his and other violent deaths in Sri Lanka andnd him to do his best to find peaceful reconciliation in a difficult situation?
“Yes, Mr. Evans, I feel that the initiative you’ve just suggested is perfect.
If the house agrees, I will do as Evans has suggested.
Chairman of Maddam, somewhere.
I recommend the Rule 143.
My question is on Thursday about what I am going to do.
The report on multiannual guidance programmes will be presented on Thursday and presented in paragraph 6 a proposal to introduce  kiiran penalties in countries that do not meet their reduction targets annually. This must be done de. relative stability.
The principle of proportional stability is the fundamental right to grant a common fisheries policy and the proposal to repeal it would be legally unsearchable. I want to know if I can only resist the report, not the legislative proposal, and if I can do so on Thursday.
This is exactly the time when you can ask this question on Thursday before submitting the report.
The President of Madam, along with the first session of the European Parliament of this year, has set a date, unfortunately the next Thursday, Texas, America, for execution by a young 34-year-old man convicted of death. We call him Mr. Hicks.
At the request of a French member, Zimeray has already signed a.vat. I ask you, however, inllence with the line continually followed by the European Parliament and the whole European Community, to present proposals, using the weight of the prestigious office and the institution you represent, to the President and the Governor of Texas, to the gen.man who has the power to determine the duration of enforcement and to restore the convicted person.
All of this is always followed by principles.
Thank you, Mr. Segni, I will do it with pleasure.
In fact, it is completely aligned with the position it has always adopted.
Madam President, I should pay attention to the situation in which this parliament has always shown interest. This is Alexander Ni.in.
All of us are pleased that the courts have released him and made it clear that access to environmental information in Russia is a constitutional right.
He is going to the court because the prosecutor has complained.
We know, and have stated equally in many decisions, especially in the last plenary session of last year, that this is not just a legal case, and that Alexander Ni.in is syyed of criminal activity and fraud, because we are participants in his.s.
These findings form the foundation for European programmes to protect the Barents Sea, and therefore I ask you to investigate a study indicating the main facts and obtaining the position of the Parliament as adopted by the resolution.
Mrs. Schroedter, I am pleased to be able to examine the facts of this case when I have received your letter.
Madam President, I would like to thank you for keeping your words and that the number of TV channels in our office has increased significantly during the first session of this year.
The President of Maddam has not fulfilled my personal request.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and Portuguese channels, there are no Dutch channels that I would have asked for because the Dutch want to follow the news even when we are sent to exile every month.
I ask you to make sure we have a Dutch channel.
Ploo.-van Gorsel, I can tell you this is on the agenda of the Kvestor meeting.
I hope it is examined in a positive light.
Can you explain why the UK does not comply with health and safety legislation?
Why haven’t we tried air quality since we were chosen?
Why hasn’t the Health and Safety Committee met since 1998?
Why is there no fireworks in Brussels or Strasbourg?
Why are there no firearms?
Why hasn’t the stairs improved since the accident?
Why are non-smoking areas not there?
It is a shame that we keep the law and do not follow it ourselves.
You are right and funny, aren’t you?
I’m also referring to Higher Education and I’m sure they want to make sure that we follow the rules we vote for.
Madam President, Mrs. Díez González and I had asked questions about certain opinions of the Vice-President of Spain.
Competent services have not included them on their agenda on the grounds that they have been replied to at the previous session.
I ask them to think because this is not the case.
Questions were previously referred to as Mrs. De Palacio’s intervention at the second stage, and not in the ABC magazine on November 18.
Berenguer Fuster does this.
I admit that the situation is a little confused.
Let’s look at it properly to make sure everything is as it should be.
It is interesting to know whether this week a clear message to Parliament that we are dissatisfied with the decision to refuse totan arms embargo in Indonesia, taking into account that the majority of the parliament has previously supported an arms embargo in Indonesia.
The decision not to reform the embargo is very dangerous, given the situation.
The Parliament must send a message because it is the wish of the majority.
It is not the responsibility of EU countries to refuse to renew the embargo.
As people have said, the situation is very unstable. There will be a military coup in the future.
We don’t know what happens. Why are weans benefiting from innocent people?
Thursday, this issue has not been discussed in keskustelunt and timely discussions.
The Agenda
Chairman Madam presented the political programme of the Prodi Commission, which was originally adopted by President Prodi in September and expressly adopted by President Prodi.
This commitment is important because the Commission is a monopoly on the initiative under the Treaties, which will determine the political and legislative activities of this Parliament for the next five years.
Madam said the parliament voted for President Prod during the previous legisl.. In September, the Commission was adopted.
There is enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and to inform its citizens.
I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September, which recommended the proposal as soon as possible.
The individual events of the Conference of the Chairpersons, which were used only through cooperation and ratification of decisions, present a problem to us. Either the Commission is not ready to present this program to clarify it.
The president said that must be done.
In view of the fact that the Commission is represented by Vice-President De Palacio, I believe that, before the vote, the Commission could tell us how to present the programme as agreed. Alternatively, Parliament is not ready to investigate this program, as some suggest.
I believe that this second hypothesis would imply the neact of Parliament’s duty in parliament and the presentation of the original dissertation, an unknown method consisting of the publication of a speech on the Commission’s programme in writing a week earlier, not earlier agreed upon, taking into account the fact that the legislative programme will be discussed in February, so that we can begin the discussion, as the next day citizens will hear about it in the press and on the internet.
The Group believes that because Parliament is meant to listen, discuss and reflect, this delay cannot be justified and we believe that if the Commission is ready to do so, we still have time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and continue to fulfill our obligations to our citizens.
Consequently, the presentation of the European Socialist Group and the proposal you mention is that the Prodi Commission presents its legislative programme on Wednesday, including its ehdod administrative reforms, because otherwise we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: on the one hand, the Commission President would be prohibited from speaking in this Parliament and, on the other hand, from discussing the comments when Parliament had no prior knowledge of where it was based.
Madam Madam I ask that the Commission express the opinion and continue to vote.
(Redirected from PSE Group)
Madam President, I’m really surprised by Mr. Barón Cres.’s behavior and that he’s now asking for this to happen on Wednesday.
Baron Crespo did not attend the conference on Thursday.
I don’t criticize it, sometimes people send someone to represent it.
He represented you on this occasion.
There was a deep discussion at the Presidency.
Your group was alone to support what you are saying.
Then we voted.
Each president has the same number of votes as his group.
This was voted on. The vote was 422 votes to 180, after a few votes.
This means that all groups, except associated members, but of course not a group, agreed with each other; only your group thought we should act as you suggested.
Everyone else disagreed. It was a decision.
Now I want to comment on it myself.
We rely on the Commission and Romano Prod, and after a difficult procedure, our Group supported the trust in Romano Prod and the Commission.
However, we believe that the strategic plan of the Commission must be discussed in an appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral opinion presented in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted by the Commission.
There is no such comment!
The Commission will present its programme in February 2000.
If the Commission does not want to implement the 2000 programme in January, it will be in February.
We have agreed on this.
In the end, we do not want to contend with the Commission, if possible, we believe that the Commission and the Parliament must guide the same path.
There is also the Commission’s supervisory task and we do not have to agree on everything that comes from the Commission.
I would like to make a reasonable amount of preparation for our five-year program.
You cannot prepare if you hear a statement in this house and you do not know its content.
For this reason, we recommend that the Commission be open to this principle that we will discuss the Commission’s long-term programme until February 2005, and hope that the Commission will agree on a programme to be presented before it, and that, at the same time in February, we will discuss the Commission’s 2000 legislative programme.
The fact that the topics are combined also indicates that we should discuss both programs together. This is why my group rejects the socialist group.
(Redirected from PPE-DE Group)
Madam President, I would like to make clear that the Commission will fully respect the decisions of this Parliament and, among them, the decision based on its agenda.
We respect what the parliament can decide.
– – – “I want to make clear that President Prodi is committed to starting a new debate, as Barón Crespo has reminded us that it would be an annual debate over the next five years.”
This debate was dismissed in September from the annual draft legislative programme of the Commission.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready and ready to make a discussion whenever it is convenient, and that we are ready to do so this week, as we had agreed, because it would be presented to parliamentary groups on the previous day.
“I want to reiterate that the Commission has discussed the next five-year Action Plan, and when Parliament decides – this week, if it is a decision – we are ready to come and present the programme for the next five years and next month for the next five years.
I hear the laughter of the Socialists.
I was told that the large parts of the socialist group wanted to remove this agenda because the working group of members of the socialist group responsible for the conference of the chairpersons did not receive votes.
I don’t know if this information is correct, but the PPE-DE group would be grateful if the product has been removed because it has been discussed several times.
Decisions have also been made on such taxes.
That’s why my group explains this topic.
Thank you, Poet.
We hear Mr. Wurtz speaking against this request.
First, I would like to point out Poettering’s lack of trade. He has just preached to the group of European Socialists since they returned to the decision made at the Presidential Conference.
We discussed it and agreed on it, with the exception of PPE and ELDR groups.
As my chairman remembers, I also stated that it was not a matter of whether or not someone was involved in or against Tobin’s taxes, but whether he dared to hear what the Commission and the Council thought about it.
There is not much to ask.
Therefore, I reiterate the suggestion that this oral question must be preserved so that we can find out the positions of these two bodies on a relatively modest proposal, but which would give a clear message to the public opinion, especially after the feeling of failure of the Seat. Conference.
At the request of the PPE-DE Group, we vote to remove the oral question on capital tax from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected 164 votes, 166 votes and 7 abstentions)
I thank Poettering for this discussion.
Thanks a lot.
Is my voice counted? I couldn’t vote electronically because I don’t have a card.
Voting was beneficial.
If we add two members who have declared themselves, the result of the vote would be...
President Madam has declared the result of the vote.
There is no room for change.
In a previous vote, and I will follow your decision on this issue, the Commission’s strategic plan suggested that I would like to speak before voting on behalf of my group. It did not happen.
I would appreciate it if I could give an explanation on behalf of my group.
This is an important thing. It’s helpful that people understand what we’ve just done in the light of their political analysis.
I don’t want to re-open the discussion, but I’ve also asked the floor to comment on Barón Cres.’s decision.
You didn’t call me either.
I’m sorry, but the vote has already been made, so let’s go.
Sorry, Mr. Cox. I didn’t see you asking.
The view is clear, and it comes to the minutes.
When we take a protocol for today’s seat tomorrow, all members who think that the regulations have not been explained clearly can request changes.
I think this is a practical solution.
The minutes of tomorrow’s session shall take into account any further details.
I think that’s a better solution than voting.
Mr. Mr. Cox, Lord, is this acceptable to you?
If the vote is correct, I will not oppose it.
If your decision is that I cannot vote, I will accept it, but with reservations.
We pay special attention to the protocol as we always do.
If they do not match appropriately given positions, we may correct them if necessary.
(The work order was changed)
Safety advisors for transporting dangerous goods
Koch’s report (A5-01n/1999) is on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Traffic and Tourism, on the common position of the Council, with the aim of adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the harmonisation of safety advisors to road, rail or inland waterway transport (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/01).(COD)).
We cannot and must not accept the fact that we hear more and more about accidents that cause significant damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only because those involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough, or because — ignorance or lack of training for drivers responsible for different vehicles — is too often a major accident.
As an Austrian, I still have a living memory, as I believe we all do, a disaster that cost so much lives last year in the Tauern tunnel, where the later work rebuilds the parts of the tunnel that had been destroyed by this fire continued at a huge cost.
The renovation project launched this important route between North and Southern Europe.
Traffic derived from this.ourished the patience of many thousands of people in the EU.
In fact, all the hell broke in some cities.
Prevention must be a response to such a disaster, and this Directive is an important step for well-educated security advisors.
We must not be satisfied with EU legislation to ensure better security.
We also need to ensure that Member States take the changes in good time, and it is even more important to ensure that they are applied later.
Don’t let this be another area where we need to do something wrong.
I would like to answer one point.
We must not be satisfied with sealing another hole in the safety net and improving our eyes on the fact that transport safety in Europe still has a lot to do.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner who is here tonight, the text that fits the table as soon as possible so that traffic can be safer in the future so that we will not experience such disasters on this..
Madam President, first and foremost, would like to thank Kochi for his comments on road safety. The report examines the harmonisation of research requirements for safety advisors in the transport of dangerous goods in road, rail and inland waterways.
I congratulate her on her excellent gifts.
The Paddington rail accident in London, the horrible rail accident in Norway, two aviation accidents in EU citizens and the Erika disaster outside Brittany – all in the past four months – remind us that road safety is never taken for granted and that the syyed of protecting citizens is highly motivated andpä.
The rapporteur has noted that the Council, in its joint position, has adopted six of the ten amendments to Parliament in its first reading and that the amendment to Parliament has been preserved.
Consequently, the Group supports the common position and looks forward to the implementation of the legislation, which gives us a new instrument in our struggle to transport the European Union as safely as possible.
In terms of safety, the Group always supports initiatives to improve road safety.
We have a lot to do, as recent events have shown.
Crazy President, I would like to comment.
First of all, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his extraordinarily accurate and technical work in the elections, and secondly, the Commission’s proposal.
We are concerned about the harmonisation of investigation requirements, but also with minimum requirements. It’s a shame, some..
Safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is important, and due to the economic nature of this type of transportation, the training of security advisors should be harmonised and, for example, the requirements for new alternative dispute resolution.
This is important, but there are many reasons why we need to pay special attention.
Consider road accidents in recent years, such as Belgium, the Netherlands, and many other countries where tr kuljets carrying dangerous goods continued to travel in foggy conditions when they should have pulled off the road.
Ships coming from eastern Europe, which are adjacent to ships, and all the hazards they pose.
According to a study conducted by Belgium, 50% of containers containing dangerous cargo are not properly delivered.
In short, the question is important.
If we look at a situation where security advisors are concerned, it is mandatory in many countries to use such security advisors as of 1 January.
Currently, there are major problems with the application of this rule, especially in smaller companies, as they cannot afford security advice.
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, causing problems.
It is also required that ISO 90. certificates contain the finest information in the form of annual reports and business analysis.
work is done. Only execution remains.
I would like to mention the best point.
In the case of enforcement, appropriate agreements with the Eastern European countries shall also be concluded because they do not conclude agreements on this matter before 1 July 2001.
This gives them a competitive advantage over time.
This is nothing terrible in itself, but we must prioritize the safetynäkö of goods transported in road, rail and inland waterways, and include them as part of the Code, as soon as possible and present them to the associated countries.
The importance of road safety is.ed in this network.
The ever-increasing number of goods passing through Europe contains all kinds of risks, known and unknown to the economic and social environment.
These risks must meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards provided for in the second Directive (95/35/EC) are sufficient for the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am myös that the Council has also reached an agreement on the minimum requirements for investigations, even if I would have preferred it if uniform standards and asees had been drawn up to make the certificates equally valuable internationally.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the change made by the rapporteur is logical and I can give it my full support.
“I would like to congratulate Kochi first on his reports, which are technically important for safety.”
I would like to make a few comments.
First of all, I ask the commissioner — and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile soil — to make sure more attention is paid to the safety question whether it is on the road, on the waters or on the sea.
The Commission’s proposal was first introduced on March 19, 1998, although the Parliament responded relatively quickly.
This is not just the Commission’s fault, but I think we need to take faster action to achieve harmonisation.
Second, it has been stated that it is a minimum requirement.
In principle, I believe that in many cases of carriage, there must be greater.exibility and country-kohtaific rules.
I’m pretty pptical about security because the security of Sweden is not different from the security of Germany, Italy or Austria.
I ask the Commission to carefully monitor the situation.
If oleexibility leads to a lack of adequate rules in some countries, a better harmonisation must be achieved.
The third paragraph has already been mentioned.
As you know, I am from a transit country where this problem is particularly important.
The terms of the competition are not exacerbated unilaterally and improved in Austria or other transit countries.
We must do everything we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum in all countries, whether they are transit or not.
“I would like to first congratulate the rapporteur Kochi for his nlliant work and his positive cooperation with the Commission on the application of texts and the presentation of this proposal, and there is only one change in the requirements of transporting dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waters,” he said.
We understand that it is important that two institutions – Parliament and the Commission – cooperate and collaborate and that cooperation with the regional policy erityisestitee is excellent.
The Joint Post comprises practically all the rules adopted by the Commission and harmonises the minimumtarkastus requirements of security advisors, and in the second reading, we can accept the change on the ehdod date, which is far more realistic than the Commission’s initial proposal, taking into account that we have now spent several years addressing this issue.
I would like to thank different members for their actions and say that safety is one of the priorities of transportation.
As Simpson said, this is a process that we can never take for granted.
Increasing safety margins and guarantees in transport is a process that needs to be improved daily.
In this context, I would like to refer to the problems of tunnels that Messers Rack and Swoboda have referred to, which is undoubtedly a very sensitive issue, and there is a lot of work to do to improve their safety.
Recently, goods transported in the worst accidents were not dangerous.
Margarine and a few pounds of paint, which in principle do not pose any risk.
We need to know how to improve maximum safety.
Finally, we need to consider safety in all modes of transport.
This week we will discuss the safety of maritime transport due to the disaster in Erika, and this year we will discuss the safety of air transport.
Security is a priority.
As I say in the Disaster of Erika, we do not forget that it is a disaster to deal with a security issue, but we do work for it, even if there are no such situations that just show kiirency to such a problem.
I want to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially the rapporteur.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be held tomorrow at 12:00.
Transport of dangerous goods by road
Koch Report (A5-01n/1999) on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the approximation of the laws of the Member States for the transport of dangerous goods by road [COM(1999)] 158 – C5-0004/1999 – 1999/0083(COD)
The Directive on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the transport of hazardous substances entered into force on 1 January 1997 contains several transitional provisions, which are only ajan for a limited period of time, a qualification period relating to the application of certain standardisation works.
The delay in the CEN Directive makes it difficult to comply with this Directive.
In particular, it cannot be adapted to take account of technological and industrial developments.
I’m sorry because we have to work because others haven’t done our job.
In this regard, I agree to amend Directive 94/55/EC.
If the EU does not take action, Member States should amend their national law for a short period of time until the CEN fulfils its work that would cause unne.ary costs and uncertainties.
The amendment of the Directive does not affect the harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods within the Community.
It extends the transitional rules by postponement of deadlines, poistaing regulations that are no longer applicable and establishing procedures to avoid ad hoc transport of dangerous goods. (b) that national provisions are stricter, in particular for the transport of very low hazardous substances in tightly defined areas;
The amendment of the Directive is therefore fully in line with the principle of subsidiarity; Member States shall have more powers.
The Commission shall decide whether Member States may apply certain rules. The expert group supports the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure.
The procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down in the Council Decision of June 1999.
The proposal for amending the Directive on the carriage of hazardous substances by road has been dated May 1999 and therefore cannot take into account the latestmenettelyitology procedure.
The amendments adopted and adopted by the Committee shall be linked to this amended.itology procedure.
We want to ensure that this is referred to as early as the recital to the introduction and that the time within which the Council must take a decision which has not been clearly stated is no more than three months.
The need forvoi is also highlighted.
Member States may impose stricter requirements, in particular for vacuum tanks, if the work is carried out or the goods are primarily transported at temperatures below -20. C.
This is the advantage of North Europe.
The purpose of the final amendment is to ensure that the tanks and tankers introduced during the period from 1 January 1997 and the entry into force of this Directive may be extended if they have been constructed and maintained accordingly.
I understand that this is only a small step towards better road safety, but I ask you to accept this report.
Happy New Year and Millennium to all.
For the first time in this session, it’s pretty exciting to me.
Amendment to the Directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road.
It is good that this Directive will be reinforced, otherwise Member States should amend their national provisions for a very short period of time, a transitional period which would mean unne.ary costs and would further increase EU bureaucracy.
However, the Commission’s proposal does not take into account all facts, such as the cold climate in the northern regions.
This is why I have.d some changes to the erinomaisetee’s excellent report.
The amendments concern the packagingisten classifications of tanker ships carrying such hazardous substances.
According to the Commission’s proposal, 2020 would be enough. On the Mediterranean co., it is difficult to imagine that the temperatures in Lapland are much lower.
There’s also support in this area, so let’s remember.
I have suggested that the packaging is calculated to -40°C.
Safety requirements should be maintained at the level they were previously in North O.bothnia.
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow’s vote.
With your permission, I want to start expressing my admiration of how you made a quick change as chairman right now.
I thought it was great.
EU citizens must be sure that the goods, whether they are dangerous, are transported on European roads, railways and so on.
This Directive is part of this.
What we do today is harmful.
The rapporteur, Koch, to whom we have expressed our appreciation for the work he has done, has already pointed out that practically everything could have been somewhat more sophisticated if it had not been for CEN’s operations, which has been very diluting in the formulation and adaptation of the directive.
That is why we can only hope, and we should resolve all of this week, that in 2001 we have Community regulations on the transport of dangerous goods by road, so that we have legal certainty in this and that our roads are safer.
The President does not make any significant changes.
Most of the ehdotd changes are technical. However, it should be noted that every time we make such a decision, it is good from a broad environmental perspective, and it is beneficial because it creates better conditions for exploiting the potential of the internal market.
Extremely large amounts of dangerous goods are transported across the EU on roads and railways.
This requires appropriate rules on traffic.
From one region to the other, we have common minimum standards.
This is very positive, and I would like to thank the rapporteur for the work he has done.
This is also important when it comes to developing a single market.
If the transport market is actually ongoing, it is important that we not only have regulations but that these regulations should be applied in all countries.
I want to make a decision by commenting on the matter that matters, i.e., the change made by a member of Parliament.
The conditions differ in many ways from one country to another.
By accepting this change, we take into account that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union.
It should also be taken into account how materials and packaging affect such a cold.
It is good that we can be flexible in our current situation. I hope the Commission can accept this change.
I am also grateful to the Vice-President of the Commission for a clear and unambiguous way of supporting the safety of the transport sector.
The work done in the United Nations Economic Commission and CEN was not too fast.
I would like to ask the Vice-President if he can tell us today what the level of efforts to harmonize these two organisations is, and whether the EU is able to accelerate these harmonisation measures in mahdollisimmannce with the simplest principles.
It is evident that although we have reached an excellent arrangement in the European Union, the conflict will not stop beyond our borders, it will cross them.
There are many reasons to introduce broader regional regulations.
If the Commissioner is unable to do so today, he would be willing to inform the Committee in writing about how the matters are voimassa and what stage negotiations are there between the CEN and the Economic Commission.
Again, I would like to congratulate Kochi for his .lliant work in this second report, which complements the debate on railway transport in October.
We are all sorry that the European Standardisation Committee (CEN) has not been able to implement the necessary provisions in the European Union.
This discussion and amending the current directive gives us the opportunity to in. various elements that show European diversity.
Vatanen talked about both temperatures, not 20 degrees below zero, but 40 degrees below zero.
Of course, we accept this change—it is absolutely correct—and I believe that we must include specific circumstances that indicate the climate diversity of the European Union, which sometimes contains specific characteristics and specific requirements for the establishment of technical standards and labelling.
I would like to say in Swoboda’s comments on CEN’s actions that we encourage them to accelerate their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if, after a new deadline, we would find ourselves after a year and some of the same difficulties because their work has not ended.
The fundamental problems that justify the amendment of this Directive have been highlighted. We have referred to the delay of CEN, the amendment of certain provisions, the consistency of the text of the Directive and the content of the annexes, and to a more detailed need.
The Commission shall approve all banks of the Parliamentary Committee and the rapporteur Koch which are included in the various amendments.
We accept four ehdod changes.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be held tomorrow at 12:00.
Coordination of Cohejen Funds
On behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Traffic and Tourism (A5-0108/1999), the Commission communication with the rakenneuctural Funds and their coordination with the Cohen Fund (COM(1999)344 - C5-0122/1999 - 1999/2127(COS)))
– – – I am very happy to hear my first speech in the European Parliament on what is most important in this music, Wales.
A significant part of Wales has been awarded the.uctural Fund 1 status.
Many people in Wales are looking for a European rakenneuctural Fund program to alleviate some major difficulties.
Poverty Wal in Wales and continued to grow since 1997. We have seen the gap between the rich and the poor.
The Rauctural Funds. is not only about the restructuring of the industry, but also the wider improvement of the economic foundations of the whole municipality.
However, it is detrimental to believe that in some way, granting regular funds is something that has been the success of the government.
It’s just a confes. of what Wales is facing.
I want to emphasize some of the things that the European Union is facing.
We.ive to address additional waste.
We are dissatisfied with the fact that these figures are some.. in the UK.
We also aim to ensure that projects are compatible.
Our goal is to challenge the UK government to ensure that the private sector, which is guaranteed to promote the exenditure of mukanauctural funds, is involved in the planning phase.
We ask the Commission to ensure that funds are used in a transparent manner.
Too much of what’s happening in this world is not transparent.
This is one thing that we believe is a good friend.
Our president takes this very differently and starts with the research.
In its own conclusions, the rapporteur has taken into account thekuntatee’s proposal that cohe. fund countries should expand their research infrastructure by improving universities and libraries to better serve in undeveloped areas.
This can be done by governments, and the decentralization of reform is undeniably a useful policy in the afternoon.
From an industrial policy perspective, we would like the Commission to pay more attention to the impacts of services, electronic commerce and internet use as they designed to coordinate.uctural and cohe. funds.
Poverty and wealth depend more on income.
Wealthy regions were those with jobs in the industry, but nowadays these regions have become a burden, and they may well be poor, so we need to invest in new industries, such as e-commerce and services, because they are the industries of the future.
The Committee on the draft report has not taken sufficient consideration, so on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Ex. Trade, Research and Energy, I will draw the Commission’s attention to this matter.
As a Energy Committee, we would have liked that the support for renewable energy resources from the Cohen and Regional Development Funds would have been increasingly highlighted through the coordination process to increase the use of renewable energy sources in order to receive compensation for these higher amounts.
“I want to thank Mrs. Schroed, for the work he has done, and to explain to my colleagues that I am talking to my colleague Mrs Flautre, who followed this on behalf of the Committee on Labour and Social Affairs, but who is unfortunately sick.”
I would like to draw attention to the changes adopted by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, but the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism did not approve.
These changes relate to the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and financially support local systems to develop employment opportunities and to strengthen social cohe..
Earlier this year, the European Parliament has considered the social economy as an important provider of labour.
The amendments also agree with Parliament’s view that social ex. is a serious issue that requires constructive action.
We hope that these people who are considering reforms have very strong grounds for breaking up for both the Parliament and the citizens who are seeking employment.
In his report, Flautre focused on the area where coordination is missing, but it is desperately needed.
The Commission’s proposal refers to four pillars of employment and five areas of operation of the European Social Fund.
In particular, it should be valitd that the accession of the social welfare fund to the employment strategy will take effect for the first time between 2000 and 2006.
The Commission also has no idea how to coordinate the contribution of the European Social Fund as effectively as possible, which will be reviewed after three and a half years and the annual employment plans of the Member States.
We hope that the Commission will be able to make sure that this is done constructively.
The proposal is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
However, I would like to point out that this starting point shows us the challenges we face: increasing the population of rural areas, taking into account the impact of all kinds of economic activity due to the growing lack of agriculture between rural sources.
This lack of infrastructure and services networks and, in general, a very low employment rate, which is seasonal and lacks diversity, aggravates rural deportation.
The consequences do not in.e hope.
Young people who have disappeared will receive training and find work outside the countryside, and they all have a disadvantaged effect on these areas.
Lack of infrastructure is also a barrier to establishing businesses and creating jobs.
Rural areas are nearly four fifths of the European Union.
Agriculture accounts for only 5.5 per cent of EU employment.
In addition, three-. maaners of our farmers are part-time and need additional nutrients for their income.
For this reason, one of the main and essential objectives to be set in the EU is to create new jobs in rural areas, outside the agricultural sector, for example in rural tourism, sports, culture, heritage conservation, business conversion, new technologies, services, etc.
Although the role of agriculture is not exclusive, it is still necessary not only to prevent economic and social degradation and to create ghost cities, but also to play a key role in managing land, preserving biodiversity and protecting the environment.
We support agriculture and rural development policies that are in line with the objectives set. At the beginning of the 21st century, rural areas must be competitive and diversified both in agriculture and in agriculture.
The conclusions of the Agricultural and Rural Development Committee shall be prioritised in the general criteria for land planning and demographic balance and shall take into account five fundamental questions that have been taken into account by the Committee on Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism.
I ask the Commission to take these five points into consideration when it comes to four pillars, as I think the population of rural areas is one of the most important goals.
I would like to thank Mrs. Schroed.. I think this work is done very well.
I would also like to thank him for his willingness to engage in dialogue with other political groups, when the compromise plans must have taken place before this power of change, and perhaps there are more than we expected, but which reflect the meaning of the debate.
It is important for the Commission to take into account the conclusions adopted by this Parliament, at least in the spirit, as it seems that what we do is useless exercise, nothing but hot air.
However, the truth of the matter is that we believe, and this is reflected in the interpretation of the conclusions that the Commission must take into account what has been adopted by this Parliament, in particular the provisional review of these Directives.
The importance ofuksissa ettäies between,uctural funds, the Cohe, Fund and the Community In,atives to reflect the progressive elimination of the difference between trade and the creation of jobs all of which are spoken and done.
In order to achieve a faster and more efficient pace to achieve these goals, we believe that those who create work, real entrepreneurs, and those who truly guarantee new sources of work.
Small and medium-sized enterprises must contribute to the distribution of these funds.
If they don’t, if entrepreneurs feel excluded, if entrepreneurs can’t only take part in leadership, but also in receiving these funds, we’ve lost the chance to achieve our goals faster.
In order to achieve our goals, overcome the difference between trade and find sources of work, it is important to provide full support to new technologies, transport and communication networks and renewable energy sources.
All of this must be done – I repeat – by participating in a private business that combines efforts with public administrations, but by supplementing them, not preventing or preventing them, leads to the creation of wealth in society and in the workplace.
“Mr. President, I am obliged to remind my colleague, Mr. Evans, why Wales truly achieved an objective position. This was due to the conservative party.
I also remember that when his party leader, Hague, was Wales Secretary of State, he broke all the provisions of the Addition Book, which led to the letter of Commissioner Wulf-Mathies on regulatory requirements.
The Government of the United Kingdom is aware of its regulatory requirements for the Amendment 1.
Evans returns and reads the law.
The group has made major changes to both reports today.
I want to focus on the essential role of our decisions. The aim is to provide a framework and tools for supporting and improving economic renewal, for more efficient utilisation of resources in the broadest partnership and for restoring these systems to recovery and sustainability so that they eventually leave the regional life support machine.
It is important to recognize the skills and opportunities of our regions in the hi-tech industry. It is important that Europe quickly loses soil to the United States in the future of technology.
Previous programs are also very educational when it comes to what instructions should not be made.
They should not create more bureaucracy and red buildings. They should not focus on setting primary objectives and policies through the development of the project, leading to inevitable delays and discounts, especially in light of the new budget requirement.
The execution and operation of theän cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or more officials at the desk, either in the Commission or in civil service.
The Commission's Directorate-General shall have internal consistency, respecting the specific local and regional näkö of the Commission's programmes.
The conclusion is that we need to make suunta fun, indicative and flexible so that we can help managers and fund users and get the maximum potential from our new deposit areas.
If we can inäe the entrepreneurial spirit into the poor and linguistically weak areas, we will get them back to the path to attract significant investor confidence, which is the key to future success.
This is how we evaluate the success of these Guidelines: the EU’s regional policy with good, strong and comprehensive guidance can open up new possibilities and enable poor and alueucturally weak regions to contribute to the growth and welfare of the EU.
Thank you Mrs. Schroed. for the excellent comment.
He has participated in the matter in a thorough discussion and has taken into account many changes that have been made in connection with this report.
The rapporteur said that the parliament was not heard on time.
We are bad at this point.
Hopefully, the European Parliament has helped to assess and implement the programme.
The report became too large when discussed.
It contains details and things that have already been presented in previous comments.
At this stage, it is more important to focus on evaluating how this process can be used to control EU policy, taking into account the objective of reducing regional inequality.
The Group emphasizes the importance of the principle of subsidiarity, the res.sibilities of Member States and the role of local actors in developing and implementing programmes.
Particularly important is the involvement of SMEs in the planning and implementation of programmes.
It is also important to take into account remote and remote areas and to increase interaction between cities and rural areas.
We oppose the exnive control of the central government of the EU and its Member States and require the reduction of bureaucracy in the preparation and implementation of programmes.
Projects funded with Union support have been reduced too often by slow decision-making and complex administrative processes.
Funds are often awarded to projects that do not have a permanent advantage.
Projects need to be implemented more efficiently, more flexible and more productive.
It was interesting to discuss regional policy.
It was the first time for new members and it was an interesting process.
The report is very good and we support it.
President Elisabeth Schroedter has not yet reached the plenary session since the regional development plans for the target 1 region of 2000-2006 have been sitting in the offices of the Commission for several months.
In any event, it is necessary that before the Community support framework is adopted, they shall be examined and processed in nce with theemme set out in this Regulation. This is because they are able, in particular, to create employment in the poorest and least-developed regions, to contribute to the migration of adverse trends towards inequality in the European Union.
The President should not forget that the main objective of the rakenneuctural and Cohe. Funds is to achieve economic and social cohe..
We are obliged to take part in the directives and evaluate their results.
We are obliged to do so because we are citizens of Europe, not just states and regions of Europe.
Funds are a necessary but inadequate prerequisite for economic and social cohe..
We can make mistakes by using GDP per capita as the only indicator.
Some speakers have already talked about unemployment and demographic change.
We need to study a number of indicators to help us see a local society that is worse than others and how they develop.
The report shows that in the 25 richest regions of Europe, unemployment is five times lower than in 25 prosperous regions.
The European Parliament, the Commission and the European Commission must act resolutely and strategically.
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity, or that the Parliament was not given the opportunity, as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term, to discuss the directives.
I don’t think this report is too late.
Together, we must consider it in order to ensure that new objectives 1 programmes and regional development plans drawn up prior to the entry into force of the Directives can be submitted for review and evaluation.
We all agree that in these programmes, when the assessment of the directives is carried out, Parliament should play an equally influential role for citizens.
Our citizens cannot accept that the EU is making decisions in a way that is bureaucratic.
They need to develop the principle of political dimension to allow officials to accept their duty and communicate with citizens.
This is what we ask the commissioner today.
Due to his previous experiences, he is committed to ehdo indicators and strategy that promotes social and social cohe., not just productivity.
The Chair of the rakenneuctural Funds and the Cohen Fund's Management Report for the period 2000-2006 and the recommendations contained in the following reports: The exnditure of EU rakenneuctural and Cohe. Funds should always be a uniform approach. This means that there must be a comprehensive partnership between local authorities and national governments regarding the use of these resources.
Member States are.d to increase strategies to revitalize urban and rural relations. The latter is particularly important.
Cities are very important, but we must always have a balance between rural development and urban life. We do not want to build a city.
ollutuctural funds have played a key role in the development of urban and rural parts of peripheral countries, mainly through the updating of roads, water quality and related transport networks.
The process continues innnce with the financial exnditure anta issued by EU leaders at the Berlin Summit last year, supported by the Parliament at the plenary session last year.
The EU’s key programmes in 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 have helped improve the competitiveness of Peripheral countries and objectives in Europe.
The key is to establish and create permanent progress so far. This ensures that peripheral countries and ultra-peripheric territories, the poorer regions of Europe, are able to operate successfully within the new euro area and in the ever-expanding single market where free movement of goods, persons, services and capital exists.
While the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohe. Fund have supported key infrastructure projects, it should be noted that the European Social Fund has played an important role in our society.
The Social Fund has certainly improved social-level institutions, funded post-certification programmes and introduced comprehensive systems to combat young people and long-term unemployment, help early childhood educators and promote higher standards for adult literacy.
I disagree on the rapporteur’s approach to regional policy. This time I agree with him.
Do I encourage him to follow the same path, I cannot say. I would like to thank him for his work.
Another thing I would like to do is that we would have preferred it if the instructions were added to the change as an attachment, such as us and Mrs. McC.hy, as rapporteurs of general regulation.
Unfortunately, this did not happen. Bernie is not guilty of this because it is theed.tee.
I encourage you to repeat the position of Parliament.
Thirdly, we agree with the general, provided that they do not differ from the comments we have made so far.
They are particularly helpful to the Member States and I would like to pay particular attention to the Commission’s. on sustainable development, job creation and in particular on equal opportunities and transport issues.
At least I support the instructions.
As a prea., I want to express my dissatisfaction with the lack of an island experience.
This is not the first time this issue has not received the attention it deserves. It has been a worry for five years that I have been a member of Parliament, and I have.d the matter over and over again.
Article 158(1) of the Amsterdam Treaty provides for uniform island policy.
The Commission should intervene completely.
Member States should also take responsibility and do their work properly.
We want to remind you of the rules of procedure between the Commission and Parliament signed in May.
I am absolutely certain that this code will be complied with and that Parliament will include all the development and details of the programme.
In a minute and a half, I would like to congratulate Mrs. Schroed..
I know that many have already done so, but he has earned our gratitude that we are particularly open and attenksi to suggestions from all sides, and I think that is thevoi that has given him a story about the adventure we see today.
I share the repentance he has made, namely, that Parliament has come quite late on theseojen, because now the negotiation process with the States is so far over that I do not see this report immediately, which I think is a shame.
Therefore, we need to look at the future and establishn for the medium-term review of 2003, and consequently contribute to the second stage of 2003.
I would like to publicly say that we come to an age when we are asked to master programming for the years 2000-2006, which should not be a routine time for good reason that we have two major challenges.
The main objective is to harmonise national development policy and regional development policy.
It is not enough to develop infrastructure and public services.
We need to ask ourselves the fundamental question: how can we ensure that EU policies have interfaces with regional development policies?
The second challenge is enlargement, which affects both budget and.graphic.
These are the two areas of action that I call on the Commission to take part in.
ta natural disasters, I would like to mention the use of regular resources.
Each state is tasked with dividing part of the total appropriation.
The EU should not be completely gone, as the government wants.
The public opinion and the press syye us of not being able to give a reply, even if we intend to appeal much of the national actions.
We should be able to say this clearly and clearly.
In addition, we must ensure or request Member States to ensure that European assistance is provided whenever it is used to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents.
The priority of financial and monetary criteria is to strengthen inequality in all its forms.
For French design experts, for example, the most likely scenario is to confirm regional differences.
ovatuctural funds have helped break this process.
The European project aiming to satisfy social needs aims to bring living conditions to the highest common denominator. This would require the expan laajenta of the quality of redistribution instruments such as kauctural Funds.
We nime a uniform capital tax to improve the assets that support the harmonisation of social security systems and reduce working time at European level.
Although the Commission is obliged to provide instructions, it does so reluctantly and vaguely.
The report presents its place on a political level. This is one step towards sustainable development and employment.
This is what makes us vote for it.
I would also like to congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent work.
In the coming years, the challenges of globalization and eastern expan. will face Europe, more than ever before, with a detailed guideline on how to plan and finance its economy.
To this end, all Member States and Europe shall use all resources and capabilities available, including.uctural Funds.
In order for this to be possible, what we need from the European Commission is not only good intentions, but clear suunta and a commitment to monitor how Member States use these resources.
For example, in recent years Italy has had problems with the utilisation of.uctural funds, mainly due to ex.ive bureaucracy, inadequate knowledge and lack of economic and social actors.
There are two things I would like to pay attention to.
Consulting is the best way to ensure the correct coordination and participation of all local and regional actors in decision-making. Second, it is necessary to make administrative procedures simpler and more transparent, because they are too often unne.arily long and complex to prevent the availability of funds.
This is something that small and medium-sized businesses are doing.
Communication from the Commission on the intervention of regional agreements, in particular the methods of combating unemployment among women and young people.
The President, like my colleague Mr. Evans, is very pleased to stand up and make my first speech to this house on this important matter, especially when I represent part of the United Kingdom, the West Midlands, who has so far benefitted from the implementation of the Goal 2.
However, the report is the primary example of how, if we are not very cautious, we can produce very large sounds of ideas that don’t have a substance in order to be relevant to those who benefit directly from it.
The report itself is well-designed, but as often as we deal with these matters, there is a lack of clarity of purpose and a good base of action.
Therefore, I and my group ehdot three important changes and additions to the text, and I take nothing away from the proposal, but more meaningful to those it directs.
I would like to explain my thinking here.
We are concerned about the proper use of rakenneuctural and Cohe. Funds.
Previous findings show that as  valited representatives of the European taxpayer, we must, and truly demand, the probability and a of the products in charge and auditing of this money, offerings and additions relate to what is called the value of financial indicators by grant.
Too often, we see large sums used for projects whose results may not be clear at the beginning of the programming period.
In the middle of this period, there is no effective way to apply the project if it has not proven successful.
In addition, we require the provision of practical enforceable exit strategies to ensure that we do not have such insurance against the ongoing costs, which are often charged with taxpayers, but also to avoid a well practiced hyvindrome from throwing good money after evil.
Finally, we need to change the balance and the method by which funds are made public.
The private sector should be more involved, which creates an economic reality in the financial e.ation.
The type of funded projects must also be removed from small-scale income-based projects that are difficult to monitor in capital systems where the benefits are available in most cases.
In this way, the need for käytön and temptation to get tensions over a longer period of time on the local tax base in the areas where such projects are located, expands and the European Parliament shows how seriously it requires such reform.
If the amendments to the report are supported by Parliament, I believe they will move us forward at the next stage in order to achieve the historia goals set up by the funds to bring to life – economically sustainable – those deprived areas of the European Union that need to be brought to a decent standard of living.
We encourage the house to support these changes.
I would also like to thank the rapporteur for his report, which is a careful and material work.
The EU’s yhteenuctural and Cohe epä Policy has undoubtedly the key tools to create the right conditions for combating and reducing trade and social differences. De. the measures taken so far, these levels remain high and are unreasonably high in terms of unemployment.
These policy objectives can only be achieved through careful coordination and organisation based on well-considered and reasonable har.
Don’t forget that when these policies are effective, they will benefit European citizens by improving their quality of life.
We will not forget that more attention should be paid to the islands and remote regions of the European Union, as their koskagraphical location is a barrier to their economic and social development, unless the Commission intends to build.s or underwater tunnels that connect them to the continent of Europe.
In the end, social action requires greater,exibility to adapt to changing conditions and to respond to new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium.
Mrs. Schroedter’s report contains a number of important comments and I would like to congratulate her on it. I think we should be a little more concerned about the true direction and outcome of the EU policy.
eiuctural policy does notllään the unemployment problem in any way, it makes it worse.
Agriculture and agriculture have irreplaceably damaged the current regional policy, which has significantly affected rural employment and farmers’ living conditions, especially in the south.
Regional disputes are more important in the EU.
If we look at the data presented in the sixth episode report, we will see that regional differences have been detected in the past decade.
Too little attention has been paid to the major problems facing the Union’s islands, whose lack of infrastructure for transport, communication and energy has gradually dismantled.
The economic and social policy of the European Union is equal to its regional policy.
Much of the population of the Union has condemned this policy as a crime and against grassroots.
Unfortunately, new instructions seem to be heading in the same direction and there are no signs that things will change when they are done.
I would like to point out two things that are strategically important.
The first is a key and important principle that we can continue to develop the principle of economic and social cohe..
We are concerned that the Commission will take this goal less seriously.
Economic and social cohe. is one of the key objectives of the European Union.
I agree with what the islands have already said and I want to bring your attention to the outermost regions.
In the future, we would like to see the potential ambition in the outermost regions such as Azores and Madeira.
I would like to ask if the Commission can enlighten us for reasons why the European Parliament has long followed the Commission’s report on the outermost regions.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, especially that I am ready to include suggestions.
The aim of the President of the Commission is to assist Member States in achieving the reform targets included in the programmes.
However, the Commission’s proposals re.e a much larger list of possible measures in different policy areas.
Its real purpose is to give direction and set priorities.
I agree with the rapporteur that, unfortunately, the Commission document contains too few recommendations for simplifying content, and we support negotiations to foster a favourable climate for labour-intensive, small and medium-sized enterprises, set clear objectives for alternative sources of finance, including provisions on venture capital and private finance, and start-up support for businesses, such as new information technologies and investments in innovative sectors.
In particular, I am in favour of the amendment to paragraph 10 of my Group, which ensures that the private sector is involved in the planning and implementation of projects.
I would be very grateful, Mrs. Schroedter, if you really included this tämänd change as part of your secondary considerations.
The chairman of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs voted unanimously to support the intervention of the rakenneuctural and Cohe. Funds, which seek to improve employment opportunities and equality between men and women.
Unfortunately, the outa Schroedter report did not take into account this criterion, although the Berend report shows significant evidence of how these assets provide  loistavalliant assistance to the most retroactive regions in order to distinguish them from the most advanced regions in Europe.
They grow, but only in terms of GDP.
Competitiveness increases, but not everyone has a growth in wealth because there is no growth in employment, and there are still differences between trades.
Please read the opinion of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment and Social Affairs and discuss it publicly because it is the biggest issue facing our citizens.
Take into consideration the employment needs of reservations, as this is fundamentally what rakenneuctural funds and cohe. funds require.
It is important that the suunta lead in the right direction and ensure the effectiveness of the programmes for the key seven-year periods in order to ensure sustainable development and job creation, in particular for women and young people, and to ensure a balance between economic and social policy and regional policy.
Particularly important is the intervention of the various urban areas, rural employment, agricultural trade subsidies and equal opportunities for development on the islands of the European Union and the islands of Greece, which naturally make up half of the islands of the European Union.
Cohe. policy must be further strengthened, since Europe, which is completely unaware of the standard of living in the region, cannot be reliable or profitable.
Mr. President, ladies and gen.men, I would like to express my great interest in listening carefully to comments, random criticisms and suggestions that some of you have just seen in your speeches.
“Everyone understands, Mrs. Schroedter, ladies and gennmen, causes and deadlines—and I return to this point—and any time-limits or delays, as we are discussing this report right now as a representative of the Commission, I consider that the report has been issued at an opportunistic time in relation to the suunta of 2000-2006,” he said.
Although it is mainly the responsibility of Member States and territories to develop its own priorities in development matters, coordination of programmes requires and is justified, it is also necessary to take into account the situation in which the priorities of the Community are discussed and adopted in this house in order to contribute to this area of economic and social cohe. in the Community.
So, ladies and gennmen, I want to go back to the role and structure of the instructions before I mention the most important comments and criticisms you, Mrs. Schroedter and the members of this house have made.
Hatzidakis, Schroedter and Mrs McCnhy have stated that these on are intended to help national and regional authorities develop their programming strategies for each objective of the rakenneuctural Fund 1, 2 and 3.
This means that the priorities of the Commission, based on the implementation of therakentee human programmes, and the current Community policies onrakenteeuctural actions.
These priorities should contribute to the optimal and efficient use of Community participation, including, where appropriate, a performance reserve designed specifically to promote the optimal and efficient use of European public funds.
When I talk about optimal utilization, I mean both national and regional levels. In this context, we also mention the link between the cohe. fund and the national level.
This is the purpose of these instructions.
The ladies and genämen of this house are focused on three strategic priorities that your rapporteur pointed out very clearly, but very passionately, as I understood her presentation right now.
The primary objective is to improve the competitiveness of regional economies in all sectors, but especially in the private sector, as Berend said, the maximum number of economic, precious and permanent jobs, the competitiveness of regional economies, all regional economies and especially the regional economies of Wales.
And since there are a few of you who have just pointed out what you have shown to be neitacted, let us also add the regional economies of the European regions that are disabled at their distance from the centre, whether they are the outermost regions, therichipelago regions or, of course, the distant regions.
I may have told Ribeiro e Caja, who asked me that when I was writing to the presidents of each of the outermost regions, the Commission asked for an exten. several weeks before publication of the report.
In the outermost regions, it was quite nice that we received notes from different governments, but this is not necessarily an excuse but an explanation.
Therefore, we need to take these notes into account and produce a very thorough work.
At a meeting on 23 November, I attended the outermost regions, and within the college we thought we would choose several weeks before we were able to prepare a report that dealt with very serious problems and lived according to the expectations of these outermost regions. Thank you for your understanding on this matter.
This is the first priority for regional economies.
Another priority that many of you have emphasized, especially Mr. Puerta, but others were not to mention them in any priority position, is to strengthen social cohen and employment, especially by increasing staff profiles much more than before.
Women and gennmen, we now have a European Union where the differences between countries are found to be less significant, which proves the effectiveness and value of the Cohen Fund, but if, at the same time, in relation to unemployment, as you wrote, Mrs. Schroedter, there is a growing gap between 15 or 20 richest regions and 15 or 20 poorest or worse regions. This is a situation that, as it should be, unfair and unbearable.
Given my own understanding of Europe’s construction and especially regional policy, this is a situation that I cannot accept, and I have all my intentions, as far as possible, your support, to own all the appropriations that I am responsible for this enhanced social, human and territorial cohes, especially to prevent what I called a double Europe in this house, a Europe of the wealthy, but also for the inter.ting regions of Europe.
The third goal is to develop a balanced regional policy in urban and rural areas. Two horizontal principles are taken into account.
The first is rural development, and I’m involved in rural development. I remember when I was the Minister of the Environment.
The second principle is equal opportunities, especially for men and women, and the European Employment Forum and the Economic and Monetary Union.
Finally, and in order to respond to the concerns you have set in this house, in particular, Mrs. Schroedter, in these muista, we will remember how important it is to define, develop or redevelop integroi strategies that, for all priorities, provide the maximum opportunity forihinanies, actions taken and the creation of decentralized structures. You have expressed concern about what this provision would look like, but it is clearly referred to in page 5 of the instructions.
Nevertheless, I want to mention that because you have asked me to do so that this provision, and I have spent enough time as a regional intermediary in my own country, in order to say this sincerely, is a tool used for local cerebral power, whether in the public sector, in the form of  valited representatives, the social and education sector, the associations or the private sector, and let me mention in this context, in response to Mrs. Angelitori, who is misleading.
These are the reasons why the te are presented in tence with thematic priorities because they must be taken into account in different ways in tavoittence with each Member State and region.
I want to answer a few comments you have done, ladies and gen.men.
Consultation is only true in the late stage.
When the esi adopted by the Commission in February 1999 were presented in a new procedure aimed at facilitating the submission of comments on this text, they immediately presented them to the Parliament.
However, the Parliament was unable to review these ennen until the text was finalized in July 1999.
In this section, ladies and gen,men, among you, I would like to assure you that in negotiations on programs that have just begun – Hatzidakis asked me this question – insofar as it is about the Member States, your attention will be taken into account.
We also assure that when the Commission adopts themme, which we call the medium-term review, the perspective set out in this report shall be taken into account.
Now in form. Schroedter points out that this is a context in which a number of European objectives should be guided, often very precise.
I do not list them all, but they include implementing sector- toteuttaific policies, enhancing the use of public funds, helping different partners develop regional or national programming.
The Commission shall take into account these ohje, but several of these tai or issues are more linked to other documents, such as the.uctural Fund Reform Guidelines or the methodological work document.
Finally, I want to focus on the many challenges you have repeated.
For example, I think these instructions are not accurate enough.
This suggests that your report should be presented in the last spring.
The Commission complied with the text of Article 10 of the Regulations of the rakenneuctural Funds, which provides that these ohje are intended to provide the Member States with extensive guidance on relevant and agreed Community policies. I actually borrowed the text myself.
In addition, instructions must not replace programming ora ante assessments, which must be a tool to .ify priorities and the effectiveness of these programs.
Schroedter pointed out that the koskevien on urban development and rural development were not taken into consideration.
I am the opposite of the case. I want to confirm the importance of the EU’s cohe. policy.
Recently, I used to say as much to all the ministers responsible for urban policy.
As regards rural development, which many of you have highlighted, in particular Mrs. Redondo Jiménezin, the erityisesti correspond to the double objective stated by the rapporteur: a strong agricultural sector which is linked to the improvement of rural competitiveness, but also to the protection of the environment and the European rural heritage.
It should be noted, however, that the keskustelu under discussion relate only tonuctural funds, whose objectives are primarily to diversify rural society.
It should be noted from the balance of the rural development policy that rural development policy has also been established in order to develop rural areas, with the aim of enhancing the reform of European agriculture and supporting the multifunctional moni of agriculture.
At this stage, I just want to say that it is integroi into goal 2 rural programming, so that the EAGF Control Department is a target 1 area.
I appreciate the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Before deciding, I want to tell Savary that there will be a special discussion tomorrow on the consequences of storms against France, Austria and Germany, especially in recent weeks, and at the same time we will discuss with my commissioner, Mrs. De Palacio, what lessons we could learn from the oil leak in the French co..
Therefore, I reserve the right, if you allow, Mr., to give you my own opinion, which largely corresponds to your recommendation on what measures we can take to combat oil drilling by means of objective 2.
Tomorrow, the Commission shall adopt the objectives of France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg. After that, we have a suitable tool, especially in most storms.
This is my fault to pay a personal visit from day to day after tomorrow to two French departments whose storms have been destroyed.
Finally, thank you for your understanding, Mr. President, I would like to thank you, Mrs. Schroedter, for the quality of your work andkunnantee and tell you that I am very pleased, except for a few differences in our assessment of the role of the.. We talked about it and try to clarify my perspective.
I am very pleased with the Commission’s proposal to draw up theseille which have been submitted to the Member States in the preparation of their own programmes.
This can only reinforce the concept based on a number of elements of good practice based on our experiences of the 1994-1999 programs. I think this augurs is a good co-a between two institutions at the moment when programming is implemented in the 2000-2006 season, a good common practice that is supported by something I am very attenjä: following codes of conduct that connect two institutions.
The debate is closed.
The vote will be held tomorrow at 12:00.
Social and economic development of the Union
Berend's report (A5-01llis/1999) on six regular reports on the social and economic situation and development of the European Union's territories (SEC(99)0066 - C5-0120/99 - 1999/2123(COS))
The sixth linguistic report on the social and economic situation of the European Union is a milee in the analysis of regional data and highlights the progress made in this field after the adoption of the fifth cycle report.
However, I believe that the actual convergence of average regional development levels in Europe is a slightly simpler view of the situation, and unfortunately, this is often in the press and speech.
The Commission’s report generally sifies this note, in particular when it refers to the social and economic situation of certain regions of the Union, which I have a special interest in engaging the overseas departments of France and the outermost regions.
In this respect, I am pleased to see that the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism has adopted one of my complaints, calling on the Commission tomaan to the specific case of the outermost regions in its next report on cohemmin and, more specifically, consider the impact of the measures required by Article 299(2) of the Amsterdam Treaty.
This sixth report presents interesting arguments from the point of view of the real project of a balanced sustainable development in Europe, particularly as it emphasizes the relationship between Europe and its outermost regions.
While the Commission is still not willing to state it too clearly, its regular report shows that it is necessary to contribute to the multilateral development of the Community within the framework of Union rakenneuctural policy and the approach launched by the SEC.
The chairman of the European Socialist Group agrees that Berend has just explained and congratulated the author on both the quality and onexibility of his conclusions, which ensures that the different groups were able to in. the following into the.tee.
It should be noted that the overall competitiveness of the European Union is generally 8. of the United States of America, and that this figure will only improve if the number of competitive units is increasing. In addition, this is a time when technological developments, economic globalization and the problems of enlargement and common currency demand areas and businesses and private companies to increase competition.
The sixth report of the European Commission presents very valuable conclusions.
There are two rapporteurs, one positive and one negative.
Regional and social cohee has made significant progress across the Union, and the Community funds have been significant but not crucial for reducing regional inequality.
The negative conclusion is that harmonising GDP and productivity in Europe has been more effective than harmonising the level of unemployment.
Combining.uctural finance to create jobs is essential.
This is the first commandment for the next season.
Therefore, I ask my members to accept this report and ask the Commission, as other speakers have made, to take into account the conclusions of their sixth regular report, when dealing with the programme for the years 2000-2006.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work and take due account of the ehdod changes when the.tee discussed the matter.
The Sixth Seasonal Report provides a basis for assessing the achievement of the Union's regional policy objectives.
The report shows that growth has been uneven.
Rapid growth continues in Central Europe.
The strongest regional centres are growing faster than the European average, while many southern and northern regions evolve significantly slower.
We need a thorough analysis of why regional policy does not deliver the desired results.
Is it bureaucracy or is it due to the differences between regions, long distances, climates that are too cold or too hot, few populations and savings conditions?
How can the EU respond to the challenges of global development so that less developed regions can remain part of this development?
It is also important to know which rules of Union enlargement relate to rakenneuctural funds and to the development of outermost regions of the Union.
Member States must also take account of their res.sibilities.
Some Member States havettad the principle of subsidiarity and cut national regional assets once regional aid has been increased.
This has led to the result of regional policy.
In the future, we need to develop indicators to target them at the right time.
Immigration is not adequately controlled.
SMEs must also be weighted as employers and forces underlying regional development.
It is essential that companies develop the latest technology and skills.
Our group supports this report.
To date, the President of the Commission, the regional policy of the European Union, has not been able to significantly interpret the differences between the revenues of our residents.
– – – “We have a serious situation in which there is a real link between unemployment and poverty in the European Union today, which shows a worrying fact that unemployment has reached an average of 23.7% in the worst regions, regions that also begin to be poor, while in 25 regions with the lowest unemployment, account for only 4% of the richer regions.
The report highlights the need for actions aimed at unequivocally combating relative poverty and unemployment: measures, such as the proper use of regular assets for technical purposes that are often lacking, the policies of the centralised state and the modernisation of teletätions and communications systems, aimed at incorporating the least developed areas into trans-European rail networks.
In addition, measures should be taken to respect and develop resources and capabilities for agriculture and fisheries in these countries, often adversely affecting the European Union’s own insensi. policies, and to promote active practices to create jobs, especially for women and young people.
It is only through the decisive application of such experience that we can overcome economic and territorial inequalities that are not inherent defects, but marginalization and economic policies that have had adverse effects.
The Commission President Berend’s report complies with the strategy defined by the European Commission, as it is justified to increase competitiveness.
The general objectives of Rauctural funds, such as job creation, promotion of equality, employment and sustainability, are mentioned only in the past.
This attitude seems unfounded. I would like to add more attention to this in the seventh report.
This doesn’t mean that I don’t see the need for competitiveness, especially when I’m a goal 1 entrepreneur in Brandenburg, Germany.
Ob.ive 1 shall be implemented in parallel provisional measures, namely job creation, specific programmes to support employment opportunities and initiatives.
It is supported by the European Union’s social funds.
Only supporting the competitiveness of companies can never compensate for the cohe. of economic and social development, as there is no basis for the self-producing of these objectives.
The fact that economic development alone does not help combat unemployment means that at least  3 of GDP is needed to create additional jobs.
Concentrating on supply and demand-based economic policy is not the answer.
Such a policy must be invested mainly and to a lesser extent in rationalization.
It is essential that this goes hand in hand with demand-oriented economic policy if we have the opportunity to improve the social situation in these areas.
The situation varies greatly throughout the area. In other words, many of the following steps are needed if something is to be done.
These measures would include, for example, vocational training, additional training, integration of persons already taken outside the production process,järjestelyexibility of working hours and working time jotta, in order to improve integration of personal and social integroi, and may also contribute to the employment opportunities of women.
Thanks to the rapporteur for a thorough report.
The main objective of thekeuctural Funds is to strengthen the social and economic cohe. of the regions of the European Union.
The European Union aims to increase GDP per capita and increase employment.
The sixth linguistic report of the regions suggests that these incentives have no desired effect.
The efforts made to improve GDP of Ob.ive 1-teen do not always lead to such growth, not to a satisfactory outcome during which economic growth has been in recent years.
According to the rapporteur, the impact of regular employees is the least in terms of employment.
This requires a reservation of the effectiveness of community support.
In addition, the finding that the differences between the regions of the Member States sometimes become stronger s serious issues.
Therefore, it is important to pay attention to both national and regional authorities, especially when it comes to increasing employment. In the end, people who have the most knowledge of the areas that are part of their mission.
They can be used to develop customised plans for the regions concerned and, if necessary,.d with financial assistance.
This must be the ultimate goal.
We therefore support the Commission, which shall determine the practical details and implementation of the Member States and trade relations.
As a result, it is more likely that, in the case of international aid to the territories, Member States will have more to say.
By moving from regions to countries, we can avoid a lot of problems later.
I want to focus on Central and Eastern Europe.
The report states that EU countries are in the long term, especially per capita GDP.
Planned accession to many of these countries in the foreseeable future is kiirent to review the current rakenneuctural policy.
I would like to follow the example of others and ask the Commission to make proposals for reforms sooner than later.
The President of the Commission shall not escape from the conclusion that the implementation of the tavoitteuctural Policy objective is only partially possible.
Although the differences between regions have increased rather than decreased, there has been a certain convergence between Member States.
The unemployment rate in the worst affected areas was not much lower, but in some cases it..
Why don’t we use social resources more efficiently?
Even collecting money from coheee funds and.uctural funds has not been successful in all countries.
As politicians all over Europe seek to reduce unemployment, a critical issue should be asked whether the policy is correct or not to improve the competitiveness of trade by appropriate measures, such as by increasing research and development support, improving infrastructure and increasing educational levels.
Real.uctural reforms and competitive tax policy are thekulkuls of a successful economic base.
If we do not want to syye the least-intensive rakenneuctural policy that will not improve the unemployment situation in the long term, measures must be taken.
We can only say that the rakenneuctural policy of the Union has been a success when we can create a sufficient number of jobs.
The President, a member of the Commission, thanks to the rapporteur for dealing with this important report because the development of the economic and economic situation determines the extent to which European citizens believe we have succeeded in our work.
This issue, which has an impact on our daily lives, is a key issue of the credibility of the EU.
The EU has already helped and the development of poor countries is great.
I remember the first time I traveled through Greece 25 years ago.
French speakers talked about coup d'état in Europe.
The EU deserves a gesture, but the differences between rich and poor are still too big.
What is Emperor?
People react by voting with their feet and go where they can reach the shell.
We need to build schools, hospitals and infrastructure for the same people.
This is very expensive and causes great social problems.
However, most people would like to live in an area where they were born and kasvad if they are given the opportunity, i.e., if there is work there.
We have to give them this opportunity.
This is a moral obligation we all have.
The solution is an encouraging entrepreneurship.
Entrepreneurship is not just about owning a business, but creating a business. I mean the attitude a person wants to live in, whether he is an employee, a business owner or an official.
What is a fair society?
Someone who can learn from a modest background so that their children can make life easier.
This makes it possible for people to start a business and work if they are given the opportunity.
Finally, I say that in this case we should learn America, where hard work is still in fashion, and success is a demonstration of ability and not of envy, as it is often in Europe.
When my time is limited, I get to it.
The fruits of growth are not distri tasaed equally in the Union. The most distant regions that are still cata.phic unemployment rates are one example.
For example, the number is 37%.
This, however, does not relate to the internal climate, but is a social problem thatmmeises from our distance, insularity, primarily from our own personality.
The requirement for special treatment was for the purposes of the processing of cases referred to in Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam. This principle can only be applied to practice.
The Commission’s document is expected to be completed in December 1999 and was delayed until January, and preliminary thinking does not meet optimism.
Officially appeal to the Council and the Commission.
As regards taxation, state aid, rakenneuctural funds and the defence of our traditional products, the necessary measures shall be taken käytännönntly. If this is not true, then unfortunately, convergence and cohe. remain only words to us, and we must fear that the social action that has been carried out in our regions has failed.
As all of the speakers have done, I want to thank Berend and congratulate him on the quality of his report.
As in the previous report, this highly qualified and accurate analysis, its supported recommendations and its own reports, women and geniksimen prove useful to the Commission and the Commissioner responsible for regional policy, especially when we are involved in programming appropriations for the years 2000-2006.
I would like to make a few comments, especially on the evaluation of this sixth report.
You’ve noticed the meaning of the report and even wrote if I’m not wrong that it meant a real improvement compared to previous comments.
On behalf of all Commission officials and my predenor, Mrs. Wulf-Mathies, I must inform you that we were very careful about the assessment made by this house.
The Commission was thrilled that Berend, this sixth linguistic report, should show that progress has been made and that the limit has been exceeded for the quality of the analysis provided to you.
In particular, the content of Chapter 2.1 of this report, in which the Commission examined more closely the definitions of regional competitiveness and tried to analyze the extent to which this competitiveness could be supported, improved and influenced by the factors that some of you, Markov, right now and Mrs. Raschhofer, have stressed.
I think of technological research and development, infrastructure supply and quality, personnel potential, small and medium-sized enterprises and direct investments from abroad.
So much quality.
“I don’t want to spend time right now, Mr. Berend, to clarify your opinion on the common things your home has already accepted.” The primary question concerns the usefulness of the methods of this report in drawing up the priorities of the new regional policy, in particular in negotiating programme documents with the Member States.
Second, the partnership, the topic that many of you emphasize, the role of local and regional authorities, the private sector, industry, associations and local communities.
With regard to this legal problem, I am very atten. to ensure that the provisions of the.uctural Funds are properly applied.
Thirdly, it is necessary to develop a social partner for growth, although I am aware that the responsibility of the Member States is the responsibility of the Member States and that when we speak of the responsibility of the Member States and of the usefulness or effectiveness of this policy, we must clearly define what time we work.
Fruteau said the fruits of growth were unevenly distri.ed.
Fruteau must acknowledge that there is growth and that we do not work during a re.ion or re.ion.
Growth or shortages do not affect everyone. I agree with your analysis.
When it comes to growth, it needs to be better shared, but even more difficult, which seriously affects the outermost regions, whether in the outermost or in the islands, is a lack of growth, usually characterized by the last two decades.
Hedkvist Petersen stressed that gender equality policies are being promoted.
5. The importance and role of small and medium-sized businesses. He expressed this most powerfully right now.
The positive impact of thejärjestelmänuctural Funds management system on national governance, the mojens of officials in managing such funds, even if it is occasionally difficult, and the importance of compliance with the Commission’s assessment, monitoring and control procedures.
To this end, I shall inform the European Parliament of my intention to hold a seminar with national and regional authorities in mid 2000 on the exchange of good practices in the management of.uctural funds.
I would like to mention some special measures.
Berend hoped the zoning would be done quickly.
Now we are going to the final stage. Tomorrow, the European Commission will decide on four countries and hopefully it will be Italy’s turn.