Resumption of the meeting
I welcome the meeting of the European Parliament, which was interrupted on Friday 17 December 1999, and I wish you again a happy new year in the hope that you have a pleasant time.
Although the dreaded 'millennium Bug' has not been implemented, people in a number of countries have suffered a number of natural disasters that were really surprising.
You have requested a debate on this topic during this meeting.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute silence, as several members have called on the names of all affected victims, in particular the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
Please then rise for this minute.
(The house grew and observed a minute of silence)
President, on a order.
You will know from the press and TV that there are a number of bombs explosions and murders in Sri Lanka.
One of the recently vaccinated people in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who visited the European Parliament just a few months ago.
Can you write a letter to the Sri Lankan President, deploreing the Parliament and the other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urges them to do everything they may try to find a peaceful reconciliation in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I believe that an initiative of the kind you have just proposed would be completely appropriate.
If the house is agreed, I will do how Mr Evans proposed.
President, on a order.
I want to give your advice on inadmissibility 143.
My question relates to something that will start on Thursday and I will return.
The Cunha report on multi-annual guidance programmes comes from the Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries that do not meet their fleet reduction targets annually. It says that this should happen despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the Common Fisheries Policy and that a proposal on the allocation would be lawful. I would like to know whether an objection to this kind can be raised, just a report, not a legislative proposal, and whether what I can do on Thursday.
This is exactly the time you can ask this question, i.e. on Thursday before the start of the report.
The first meeting of the European Parliament this year, the next Thursday, in Texas, was set a date for the execution of a young 34-year-old who was sentenced to death. We will refer him to Mr Hicks.
A request from a French member, Mr Zimeray, has already been submitted to a petition signed by many people, including themselves. However, I would like to ask you, in accordance with the approach now constantly pursued by the European Parliament and the whole European Community, to appoint representations using the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent, to the President and Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order a stay and repeat the sentenced person.
This is all in line with the principles we have always maintained.
Thank you, Mr Segni, I would like to do this.
In fact, it is fully in line with the positions it has always adopted.
I would like to draw attention to a case where this Parliament has consistently shown an interest. Alexander Nikitin is the case.
All of us are pleased to see that the courts agree to it and make clear that access to environmental information is also a constitutional law in Russia.
But now he must go before the courts again because the prosecutor is attractive.
We know and we have also said in very many resolutions in the last plenary session last year that this is not only a legal case, and that it is wrong that Alexander Nikitin is prosecuted and suspected for our participation as the beneficiary of his findings.
These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect the Barents Sea, so I would ask you to examine a draft letter which outlines the main facts and clarifies the position of the Parliament, as in the resolutions it has adopted.
Yes, Ms Schroedter, I am pleased to see the facts of this case when I have received your letter.
I would like to first add that you have retained your word and that this first part of the new year has significantly increased the number of television channels in our offices.
Mrs President, however, did not meet my personal request.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese, there is still no Dutch channel, which I have requested, because the Dutch people can follow the news even if we are sent each month to this place of exile.
I would therefore like to ask you once again to ensure that we also receive a Dutch channel.
Plooij-van Gorsel, I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda of the Quaestors meeting on Wednesday.
I hope I will be tested in a positive light.
Mrs President, can tell you why this Parliament does not comply with the health and safety rules that actually exist?
Why has no air quality assessment been carried out on this particular building since the election?
Why did not take place since 1998?
Why does not exist in the buildings of the Brussels Parliament or in the buildings of the Parliament in Strasbourg?
Why is there no fire protection instructions?
Why have the stairs not improved since my accident?
Why are no smoking areas not enforceable?
It seems absolutely incredible that we adopt legislation and do not join us.
You are quite right and I will check whether this is actually not done.
I will also deal with the College of the Quaestors and I am sure they will be interested in ensuring that we comply with the rules we choose ourselves.
Ms. President, Ms Díez González and I had questions about certain opinions of the Vice-President, Ms de Palacio, who have appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The relevant services have not included them on the agenda because they were answered in a previous session.
I would ask you to rethink them as this is not the case.
Questions previously raised on the intervention of Mrs de Palacio and not on those comments that appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr Berenguer Fuster, we check all.
I acknowledge that the matter is currently changing somewhat.
We will therefore properly check it to ensure that everything is like it.
I would like to know if this week there will be a clear message from Parliament about our dissatisfaction about today's decision to extend the arms embargo to Indonesia, as the large majority of this Parliament has supported the arms embargo in Indonesia in the past?
Today's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous in the present situation.
So the Parliament should send a message, as this is the wish of the large majority.
It is irresponsible that EU Member States refuse to extend the embargo.
As people have said, the situation is extremely unstable. In the future there is a risk of a military coup.
We don't know what happens. Why should EU arms manufacturers achieve profits at the expense of innocent people?
In any case, this issue is currently not included among the requests for a current and urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
The President, the idea of the Prodi Commission's political programme for the entire legislator, was originally a proposal from the Group of European Social Democrats, which was unanimously endorsed by the Conference of Presidents in September and was explicitly accepted by President Prodi, who reaffirmed his commitment in his opening speech.
This obligation is important because the Commission is a body with an own-initiative monopoly under the Treaties and therefore essentially determines the Parliament's political and legislative activities for the next five years.
I would also like to point out that this Parliament is ready to express its confidence in President Prodi during the last Parliament. In this legislature, July and then in September, they voted again to approve the whole Commission.
It is therefore time for the Commission to prepare its programme and to make us familiar with it and explain it to our citizens.
I would like to refer to the resolution of 15. It is recommended to submit the proposal as soon as possible.
The events of the last week – which were created outside the Conference of the Presidents, that the conference is simply used to confirm and ratify decisions elsewhere – present us with a dilemma. The Commission is not ready to submit this programme in which it should clarify.
According to President, it is able to do so.
In view of the fact that the Commission is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I believe that it would help before voting if the Commission could know how it is ready to submit this programme as agreed. Alternatively, the Parliament is not ready to examine this programme as some seem to suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would mean the failure of the Parliament as a Parliament and the introduction of an originalisation, an unknown method which consists in writing of a speech on the Commission's programme in a week earlier - and not a day earlier, as agreed - that the legislative programme will be discussed in February so that we could start the debate, as soon as next day our citizens will hear about the programme in the press and internet and no longer hear the Parliament.
My group is of the opinion that if a Parliament is to hear, discuss and reflect, there may be no justification for this delay, and we believe that if the Commission is ready, we have time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and in a way that meets our obligation to our citizens.
According to the proposal of the Group of European Social Democrats, which you have mentioned, the Prodi Commission on Wednesday, including the proposed administrative reform, as we could otherwise find a paradoxical situation: on the ground that there is no text, on the one hand, the President of the Commission would be entitled to speak in this Parliament, and on the other hand, there would be a reform if the Parliament had no prior knowledge of the texts based on these texts.
Mrs President, I would ask you to comment on this issue and then to continue the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Mrs President, I am really on the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo and the fact that he is now asking for this point to be put on the Wednesday agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you could not attend the Conference of the Presidents last Thursday.
I have not criticised this; It is time for people to send someone to represent them.
Commissioner Hänsch presented this opportunity.
In the Conference of the Presidents we had an in-depth discussion.
Your group was in the opinion of what you say now.
We then voted.
As you know, each President has the same number of votes as his group.
In this context, a vote took place. As I recalled, the result of this vote was 422 against 180 votes with some abstentions.
This means that all groups with the exception of non-associated members - but of course not a group - were in agreement; Only your group is of the opinion that we have proposed here.
All others were different. This was the decision.
I now want to comment on this topic.
We trust the Commission and Romano Prodi and after a difficult process, like everyone knows, the vast majority of our group supports the trust in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan must be discussed within an appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral declaration in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted in the Commission and described this programme over the five-year period.
No such document!
In February, the Commission will present its programme.
We have said very well if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme in January, then we will do it in February.
We have agreed.
In particular, we do not want to deal with the Commission; if possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament must follow the same path.
However, in the Parliament, we also have a supervisory function with regard to the Commission and we do not have to agree with any of the Commission's.
I want to be able to make an appropriate contribution to the preparation of the debate on the five-year programme in our groups.
You cannot prepare if you hear a statement in this house and have no idea of it.
Therefore, and it is my impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - that we hold the debate on the Commission's long-term programme in February 2005 - and I hope that the Commission will agree on a programme before it will propose us - and that we will also hold the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000 in February.
The fact that the topics are interlinked also suggests that we should conduct the debate on both programmes together. So my group rejects the proposal of the socialist group.
(Applause by PS-DE Group)
I would like to make it very clear that the Commission has been fully respecting the decisions of this Parliament, including the decision to define its agenda.
We therefore respect what Parliament can decide.
But I would also like to make a very clear that President Prodi has committed to this Parliament to launch a new debate, as Mr Barón Crespo reminded us, which represents a debate in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme on the major areas of action for the next five years, i.e. for this legislature.
I want to say that the agreement reached in September distinguishes this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready to conduct this debate, whenever it is useful and that we are ready to do this this week, as we originally agreed, on the basis that it would present the day before a speech to parliamentary groups.
President of the Commission, I would like to repeat that the Commission discussed the action plan for the next five years and, if the Parliament decides, this week, if the decision is, we are ready to adopt the programme for the next five years and next month, the 2000 programme we have fully agreed.
Ms. President, I can hear a salmon from social democracy.
I have said that large parts of the group of the Socialist Group were also interested in putting this point on the agenda because the vote at the Conference of the Presidents did not receive a vote from the working group of members of the Social Policy Group responsible for this issue.
I don't know whether this information is correct, but the PPE-DE group would be grateful if this point was removed because the Parliament had repeatedly raised this question.
Decisions have also been taken against such a tax.
Therefore, my group calls for this item to be placed on the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We now hear Mr Wurtz against this request.
I would like to first point to the lack of logic of Mr Poettering. He was just the group of the European Social Democrats, because they came back to a decision taken at the Conference of the Presidents and he is now doing the same.
We discussed this question and we were unanimous, with the exception of PS and ELDR groups.
I said that it was not about knowing whether it was the Tobin tax, but whether it was an ambitious one to hear what the Commission and the Council believe.
It is not much to ask.
So let me repeat the proposal that this oral question should be kept to the Commission and the Council so that we can give the views of these two bodies on the proposal, which is relatively modest, but a clear message to the public opinion, especially after the feeling of the Seattle Conference.
At the request of the PPE-DE group, we will vote that the oral question on capital tax will be withdrawn from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the application with 164 votes for 166 votes against 7 abstentions)
I would like to thank Mr Poettering for this debate.
Thank you very much.
President, has my voice counted? I could not vote electronically because I have no card.
My vote was for .
If we add the two members who have declared themselves, the result of the vote would be ....
The Presidency has already declared the outcome of the vote.
There is no room for change.
In the past vote - and I will hold your judgment in this area - on the question of the Commission's strategic plan, I said to speak in advance of vote on behalf of my group. This was not done.
I would like to welcome it if, in the vicinity of this item, I can make a statement of vote on behalf of my group.
This is an important matter. It would be useful to record the house to see how people see what we have done in the light of their own political analysis.
Mrs President, I would not like to open the debate again, but I also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Barón Crespo.
You have not called me.
I regret this, but the vote has already been taken and the decision is taken to leave the matter.
I am sad, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. Let me not say.
I think the positions are quite clear and are registered in the minutes.
If we accept the word for today's meeting tomorrow, all members who do not explain the positions clearly enough can apply for changes.
I seem to be a workable solution.
Of course, the minute for tomorrow's meeting will take into account all additional explanations.
I think this is a better solution than now too extremely time-consuming explanations of votes.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, would this be acceptable for you?
Mrs. President, if the vote is correct, how my group I will adopt and cannot be directed to this body.
If your judgment is that I cannot give a statement of vote, I accept that but with reservations.
We pay particular attention to the word of the inscription as we always do.
If they do not properly reflect the adopted positions, we may correct them.
(The order of business activity has been changed so)
Safety adviser for the transport of dangerous goods
The next point is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism on the common position of the Council on the adoption of a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the harmonisation of the safety adviser for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterways (C5-0208 - 1998/0106(COD).
Mrs President, we can and must not accept that we are always listening to accidents that cause significant damage to our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only partly because the parties do not take dangerous goods seriously enough, or because, due to ignorance or lack of training of drivers or other persons responsible for the various vehicles, a minor has become too often a major disaster.
As Austria, I still have a lively memory, as I believe, we all do the disaster that costs so many lives in the Gotthard tunnel last year, where the subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel destroyed in this fire has continued for many months at enormous costs.
The renovation project, which has been completed for months, overlaps this important route between the North and the South of Europe.
The traffic that had to be diluted for this reason varied from many thousand people in the EU to the border.
In some municipalities in my province, the whole of hell has been relaxed.
Prevention must be our response to disasters of this kind, and this draft Directive is an important step towards well-trained security consultants, so that the right measures are taken in time.
Overall, we cannot share with European law to ensure more security.
We must also follow this step and ensure that our rules are properly implemented by the Member States in time and, more importantly, we need to ensure that they are applied later.
Let's not yet be another sector in which we will have to abandon the lack of enforcement later.
I want to address a final point.
We cannot do much more with the sealing of another hole in the safety net and the closing of our eyes on the fact that, where traffic safety is affected in Europe, much more needs to be done.
In this context, I would like to submit an application and ask the Commissioner responsible for us today to submit a text as soon as possible to make it safer for the transport of tunnels in the future so that we no longer need to experience such disasters at this level in Europe.
I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, which in the heart has the question of road safety. The report deals with the harmonisation of audit requirements for safety advisers operating in the fields of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterway.
I congratulate him for his excellent report.
Transport safety is in recent times sad in news: the railway accident of Edinburgh in London, the terrible railway accident in Norway, the two air accidents with EU citizens and the natural disaster that the Erika from Brittany – all within the last four months – remind us that road safety can never be granted and that those responsible for public protection are very motivated and highly qualified.
The rapporteur notes that the Council has accepted six of the ten amendments proposed by the Parliament at first reading and that the content of other amendments of the Parliament has been retained.
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the adoption of the legislation that will provide us with another instrument in our fight to make traffic in the European Union as safely as possible.
As regards safety, my group will always support all initiatives to improve road safety.
We have much to do in this area as recent events have proven.
I would like to make some comments.
First, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his extraordinary precise and technical work on the report and secondly thank the Commission for the proposal it presented.
We are concerned about the harmonisation of audit requirements, but also with minimum requirements. This is a kind, in a sense.
No need to be able to say safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is crucial and should also harmonise the training of safety advisers in view of the international nature of these modes, so that the requirements of the new ADR, for example, currently under way.
This is important, but so is enforcement and there are of course a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention.
Just think of the road accidents that have occurred in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries where trucks that carry dangerous goods continue to drive in fog conditions when they should pull the road.
vessels from Eastern Europe that limit them to ships, with all the obvious risks involved.
In addition, it has transpired that research in the ports of Belgium, Finland, but also in Japan has shown that 50% of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not properly supplied.
In short, the topic is an important topic.
If we examine the situation in which security consultants are affected, it is mandatory in some countries to consider such security advisers from 1. January this year in companies.
Currently there are major problems with the enforcement of this rule, especially with smaller companies, as they cannot provide security advisers.
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or sell it with other freight, causing problems.
It is therefore also requested that ISO 9002 certificates, where appropriate, contain the fine content of these activities in the form of annual reports and business analyses.
Work is done. All this remains the company of enforcement.
I would like to mention a final point.
In terms of enforcement, appropriate agreements with the Eastern European countries will also have to be concluded as they are until 1. July 2001 does not enter into contracts in eighteen months.
This gives them a competitive advantage for the interim area.
This is not of course, but we should, in particular, imagine the safety aspects of goods transported on road, rail and inland waterways as part of the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and the accession states.
The importance of road safety is regularly emphasized in this Parliament and rightly.
The growing volume of goods through Europe means all kinds of risks, known and unknown, for workers and social conditions.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another Directive 95/35/EC seem to be sufficiently appropriate to advise people in a responsible manner in the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum standards for testing, although I would have preferred to set uniform, defined standards and modules so that the certificates are internationally equivalent.
However, this seems not feasible.
Ultimately, the amendment proposed by the rapporteur is completely logical and I can therefore provide my full support.
President, Commissioner, I would like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports, which, despite technical importance, are of great importance for safety.
I would like to make some comments.
I would like to first ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request for fertile ground will fall to ensure that the issue of security is given more attention, on the roads, on waterways or on the sea.
It is the view that only today we are dealing with a Commission proposal, starting on 19 March. This delay is somewhat too long, although Parliament responded relatively quickly.
This is not only the Commission's mistake, but I believe we must act faster to achieve harmonisation in this area.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I believe that in many cases where traffic is concerned, we should work towards greater flexibility and country-specific rules.
But I am more sceptical because in Sweden, for example, security is not different from security in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to follow the situation very closely.
If the flexibility of this kind leads to an inadequate regulation in some countries, we should work towards greater harmonisation.
My third point has already been mentioned.
As you know how Mr. Rack, I come from a transit country where this topic plays a particularly important role.
We want to unilaterally deteriorate the conditions of competition for some countries and improve for countries such as Austria or other transit countries.
However, I believe that we should do everything to limit the promotion of dangerous goods in all countries to a minimum if they are transit countries or not.
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Koch, on his excellent work and positive cooperation with the Commission in order to improve the texts and the proposal; Finally, there is only a change in the requirements for aptitude test for safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway.
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and the Commission - work together and work together and the current cooperation with the Regional Policy Committee, in particular the Transport Group, is impressive.
The common position contains virtually all the changes accepted by the Commission and harmonises the minimum requirements for security advisers and second reading, we can accept the change of the proposed date, which is much more realistic than the amendment originally proposed by the Commission, and we are now dealing with the issue for several years.
In short, I would like to thank the various members for their interventions and tell you that safety is one of the priorities of the Commission in the field of transport.
As Mr Simpson has said very correct, this is a process that we can never choose to grant or recognise if we come to an end.
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process that needs to be improved daily.
In this context, I would also like to refer very briefly to the problems of the tunnel, referred to the Messer Rack and Swoboda, who doubt a very sensitive issue in Austria and should make great efforts to improve their safety.
In one of the worst accidents recently occurred, the goods transported were not dangerous.
Margarine and some kilos of paints, which in principle do not pose risks, led to a real disaster.
Therefore, we need to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum level of safety can be further improved.
Ultimately, I would like to say that we need to take account of safety in all modes of transport.
This week, in the light of the Erika disaster, we will hold a debate on the safety of maritime transport and we will have to discuss our objectives in the course of this year with regard to the safety of air transport.
But I want to say that security is a priority for the Commission.
As I will say in the debate about the Erika disaster, we don't wait until there is a disaster to deal with the issue of security, but we are working on even if there are such circumstances that simply show the urgency of an effective response to these problems.
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all speakers and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Koch.
The debate is complete.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 a.m.
Transport of dangerous goods by road
The next point is the report (A5-0104/1999) by Mr Koch on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism on the proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 94/55/EC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the transport of dangerous goods by road [COM(1999) 158 - C5-0004/1999 - 1999/0083(COD).
Commission President, Commissioner, Ladies and Gentlemen, the Directive on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the transport of dangerous goods by road, On January 1997, a number of transitional provisions, which are only valid for a limited period of time, are linked to the conclusion of the specific standardisation work of the CEN, the European Committee for Standardization.
Delays in the work of CEN make it difficult to apply this very Directive.
In particular, Annexes cannot be adapted to technical and industrial developments.
I regret this because we have to act because others have not done their job.
In this context, I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94/55/EC, which was presented today for discussion.
If the European Union fails to do so, Member States would be obliged to change their national legislation for a very short period of time until CEN has completed its work, which would cause unnecessary costs and uncertainty.
The amendment to the Directive on today's agenda therefore does not affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the Community.
It only extends transitional rules by setting deadlines, removing provisions that are no longer applicable and laying down the procedures for a) which adopts less stringent national rules on the ad hoc transport of dangerous goods and b) especially for the transport of very small quantities of dangerous goods within strictly defined local areas.
The amendment of the Directive is therefore in full compliance with the principle of subsidiarity; Member States have more powers.
The Commission decides whether Member States may adopt certain provisions of their own. In this context, it is supported by an expert committee on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure.
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were redefined in the Council Decision of June 1999.
The proposal to be discussed today to amend the Directive on the transport of dangerous goods on the road of May 1999, but could not take account of the latest comitology procedure.
Two of the amendments unanimously adopted by the Committee relate to this amended comitology procedure.
We want to ensure that there is a reference as early as in the recitals and that the period during which the Council has to take a decision - which is not clearly formulated - is within a maximum of three months.
It was also pointed out that more transparency is necessary.
A further change allows Member States to introduce stricter requirements, in particular for vacuum tankers, when work is done or goods are transported as a priority at temperatures far below -20o C.
This is of particular interest to the Nordic regions.
A final change is to ensure that tanks and tankers that are between 1. January 1997 and the entry into force of this Directive may continue to be used if they have been built and maintained accordingly.
I know that this is only a small step towards more road safety, but I would ask you to endorse this report.
President, colleagues, a happy new year and millennium for you all.
I speak for the first time in this plenary session, so this is very exciting for me, just like the first love, although this lasted for more than two minutes.
I would like to comment briefly on the Commission's proposal to amend the Directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road.
It is good that this Directive should now be introduced as Member States need to change their national laws for a very short time, which would in turn lead to unnecessary costs and further increase the concerns about EU bureaucracy.
However, the Commission's proposal does not take into account all facts such as the cold climate prevailing in the northern regions.
I have therefore submitted some changes to Mr Koch's in-depth report, which was adopted by our Committee.
My changes concern the anti-freeze protection products for tankers that carry these dangerous goods.
According to the Commission proposal -20oC would have been sufficient. On the shores of the Mediterranean, it is difficult to see that temperatures in the Lappland can fall significantly.
There is also support for the EU in Lapland to remind us of this.
I have therefore proposed to reduce the frost rating to 40oC.
This would be necessary to maintain the safety standards at the level they were previously in the northern regions.
I hope that my proposal will be taken into account in the vote of tomorrow.
President, with your approval, I would like to start with my admiration as you have done the rapid change of the Presidency just during the debate.
I believe it was very beautiful.
I believe that people in Europe must be sure that the goods, which are dangerous, are transported on the roads, railways in Europe as safely as possible.
This Directive is a contribution.
What we are doing today is essentially a nuisance.
The rapporteur, Mr Koch, who thanked us for the work he had done, already pointed out that essentially everything would have been advanced, not for the inactivity of the CEN, which was very dilatant in the preparation and adaptation of the Directive.
So we can only hope - and we should solve all this week - that in 2001 we finally adopted Community rules on the transport of dangerous goods by road, so we have a certain degree of legal certainty and that our roads are a good deal.
President, the report we are discussing here, does not contain any substantial changes.
Most of the proposed changes are purely technical. However, it must be pointed out that we make this type of decisions well from a broad environmental perspective at any time and it is beneficial because it creates better conditions for the use of the opportunities of the Single Market.
Very large quantities of dangerous goods are transported in the EU, both on roads and on rail and sea.
This makes it necessary to adopt appropriate rules for the transport of this kind.
In the area of the area, we now have common minimum rules for Member States.
This is extremely positive and the rapporteur, Mr Koch, can thank you for the work he has put on this question.
This is also important if the conditions for the internal market are affected.
If we really want to create a common transport market, it is important that we have not only rules, but that these rules should also apply to each country.
I would like to come to a third topic, which is also important, namely a change presented by Parliament, Mr Ari Vatanen.
In many ways, the conditions differ from one Member State to another.
By accepting this change, we take into account that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union.
This makes it necessary to take into account the way materials and packaging are affected by this kind.
It is good that we can also be flexible when defining the current rules. I hope the Commission can accept the change.
President, I would like to thank not only Mr Koch, but also Vice-President of the Commission for the clear and unequivocal way in which they have declared their support for safety in the transport sector and recognised them as a priority.
The reason why Mr Koch created his solid report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission did not continue to be too fast.
I would like to ask the Vice-Presidents whether it is able to tell us today what is the state of play regarding the efforts to harmonise these two organisations, and whether the EU is able to speed up this harmonisation effort according to the principles that are as simple as possible.
One thing is clear: even if we come to an excellent agreement within the European Union, transport does not go beyond our borders but beyond them.
Each reason to introduce more far-reaching regional provisions.
If the Commissioner cannot do this today, she would be willing to inform the Committee in writing about the questions and how the negotiations between the CEN and the Economic Commission are conducted?
President, I would like to congratulate Mr Koch for his outstanding work on this other report, which in a way complements the debate we held on rail transport in October.
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardization (CEN) is not able to change the provisions necessary for the necessary harmonisation within the European Union.
This debate and the amendment of the current Directive allow us to integrate various elements that demonstrate the diversity of our citizens.
Today, Mr Vatanen said us at lower temperatures, not 20 degrees below zero, but 40 degrees below zero.
Of course, we accept that the change - it is absolutely correct - and I believe that we should take into account specific circumstances that show the European Union's climate diversity, which sometimes take the form of specifics and specific requirements for the definition of technical standards and characterisations.
As regards Mr Swoboda's comments on the activities of the CEN, I would like to say that we urge them to speed up their work as far as possible, because it would be surprising if, despite the new deadline, we find ourselves after a year and with the same difficulties because their work has not been completed.
Lastly, Mr. President, stressed the basic problems justifying this amendment to the Directive. We have pointed out the delay of the CEN, the amendment of certain provisions, the coherence between the text of the Directive and the contents of the Annexes and the need to be more specific.
The Commission accepts all the contributions of the Parliament Committee and the rapporteur, Mr Koch, who are included in the various amendments, in particular four.
We therefore accept the four proposed changes.
The debate is complete.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 a.m.
Structural Funds - Coordination of the Cohesion Fund
The next point is the report (A5-0108/1999) by Mrs Schroedter on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the Commission's communication on the Structural Funds and its coordination with the Cohesion Fund: Guidelines for 2000-2006 programmes [COM(1999)344 - C5-0122/1999 - 1999/2127(COS)].
The President is particularly pleased to make my first speech in the European Parliament, which is regarded as the most important issue within this part of the United Kingdom, which I have represented in this Parliament, namely Wales.
A large part of Wales, as you know, was granted under the Structural Funds Programme Objective 1 status.
It is clear that many people in Wales are expected to expect the European Structural Funds Programme to alleviate some of the major difficulties that we undoubtedly face.
We have grown poverty in Wales and have continued to grow since 1997. We have seen the gap between arms and rich.
We are therefore looking for not only industrial restructuring under the Structural Funds programme, but also to improve the overall economic base within the Principality.
However, it is the conviction that the granting of Structural Funds aid in a certain way is something which is in the sense of a success of the government.
Unfortunately, it is only a recognition of the very great difficulties facing Wales.
I would like to highlight some of the topics I believe that the Commission must be at the forefront.
We look forward to the Commission to look at additionality issues.
We are dissatisfied with the fact that these figures seem to be hidden in some way in numbers of the United Kingdom.
We also look forward to the Commission to ensure that projects are co-financed.
We are pleased to challenge the UK government to ensure that the private sector, which must certainly give the biggest impetus to Structural Funds spending, is involved in the planning phase.
Ultimately, we ask the Commission to ensure that the structural funds are used in a transparent way.
Much what happens within this Parliament is not transparent.
This is an area where I believe that the Commission can be a very great friend for Wales.
Mr President, our committee considers these questions very different and I will speak from the perspective of research.
We see it as a very positive sign that in their own conclusions, the rapporteur has taken into account the Committee's suggestion that the Cohesion Fund countries should expand the research infrastructure by design universities and universities to help those living in poorer regions better than now and make it easier for learners to stay in their home districts.
This will be possible with government interventions, and such a D. of higher education will be an undisputable policy in the evening of development.
In particular, with regard to industrial policy, we would like to draw the Commission's attention to the impact of services, electronic commerce and the increasing use of the Internet when they plan to coordinate the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund.
poverty and prosperity that are more dependent on the livelihood.
In the rich areas there were jobs in industry, but today these areas could become a burden, and they could be good, so we need to invest in new industries such as electronic production, as I could call for them and the production of services because they are the industries of the future.
In my opinion, the Committee did not take sufficient account of the report, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Foreign Trade, Research and Energy, I will emphasise the Commission's attention to this issue.
Ultimately, as the Energy Committee represents, we would have even more emphasised the question of supporting renewable energy sources from the Cohesion and Regional Development Funds, so that a coordination process could strengthen the use of renewable energies in order to compensate the Scant funds in the energy programme through these more substantial sums.
Mr President, I thank Mrs Schroedter for the work she has done, and would like to explain to colleagues that I spoke to my colleagues, Ms Ffairre, who did so for the Employment and Social Committee, but unfortunately not.
I would like to draw attention to the amendments 1 and 2 agreed by the Employment and Social Committee, but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism.
These changes concern the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and to support financial local systems to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion.
In the past, this Parliament has seen the social economy as an important employment provider.
These amendments also fit the Parliament's view that social exclusion is a serious problem that requires constructive action.
We hope that those who consider refusing these changes will have very powerful reasons, both Parliament and citizens looking for employment.
In her report, Ms Ffairre also highlighted an area where coordination is missing as soon as possible, but urgently needed.
Commission proposals relate to the four pillars of the Employment Strategy and the five areas of action of the European Social Fund.
The lack of specific guidelines is particularly regrettable, as the idea of linking the support of the Social Fund with the Employment Strategy is put into effect for the first time during the 2000-2006 programme.
It could be said that the omission has the impression that the Commission has no idea of how to ensure maximum coordination between the European Social Fund assistance, which will be reviewed three and the annual national employment plans of the Member States.
We hope that the Commission can assure us that this was a supervisory authority that is now dealt with constructively.
The proposal presented by the Commission under its mandate is an appropriate starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
However, I would like to point out that this starting point is the challenges we face: the preservation of a rural population, as the changes in all kinds of economic activity due to the increasing lack of importance for the various sources of income for rural society.
In addition to the shortcomings in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment, which is also seasonal and lack of diversity, the migration from rural areas is exacerbated.
The consequences cannot be hoped.
It is the young people who disappear, who find education and work outside rural areas, all of which have an unfavourable effect on these areas.
This lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to the creation of businesses and job creation.
We must remember that rural areas account for almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union.
Agriculture offers only 5.5% of employment in the Union.
In addition, three quarters of our agricultural workers are part-time and must complement their income.
This is why one of the main and essential objectives we should set in the European Union to create new jobs in rural areas outside the agricultural sector, in areas such as rural tourism, sport, culture, cultural heritage, enterprise conversion, new technologies, services etc.
But even if the role of agriculture is not exclusively, it is still important not only to prevent economic and social disintegration and the creation of natural capitals, but also because farmers play a fundamental role in the management of the country, the conservation of biodiversity and the protection of the environment.
We therefore support the establishment of a policy for the development of the agricultural and rural areas in line with the objectives set. We want rural areas at the beginning of the 21st century It will be competitive and competitive, both in terms of agriculture and in terms of opening the diversity of non-agricultural activities.
It is important to prioritise the general criteria for land planning and the demographic balance and to take into account the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on the five basic themes, which are only partially addressed by the Committee on Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism in its points 16 and 17.
Ultimately, I would like to ask the Commission to take these five points into account when defining the conclusions on the four pillars, because I believe that the preservation of the population in rural areas must be one of the priority objectives.
President of the Commission, Commissioner, I would like to start working with Mrs Schroedter, rapporteur. I believe that this work has been done very well.
I would also like to thank you for their willingness to engage with the other political groups in the dialogue when compromise formulations need to be achieved in the light of these avalanches of changes – and perhaps more of them than we have expected – but the importance of the report we are discussing today.
We believe that it is important that the Commission takes into account the conclusions of this Parliament, at least in the spirit, as it could appear at this stage if we do an unsustainable exercise and nothing but hot air.
But the truth is that we believe - and this will also be the way in which the conclusions have been drawn - that the Commission must take account of the proposals adopted by this Parliament, in particular with regard to an interim review of these directives.
In our amendments, we have explained the importance of the necessary synergies between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and the Community Initiatives so that their application should be reflected in the best and profitable way by the gradual elimination of disparities between the regions and the creation of jobs that, if all, should reflect the two central objectives of the funds we discuss.
In order to achieve these objectives faster and more efficient, we believe that those who create jobs must participate in this initiative, the real entrepreneurs and those who guarantee real new sources of employment.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, especially, must participate in the distribution of these funds.
If they do not feel marginalised, entrepreneurs can participate not only in the administration, but also in the use of these funds, we have missed the opportunity to achieve our goals more quickly.
To achieve our objectives, overcome disparities between regions and seek sources of employment, it is important to provide our full support for new technologies, transport and communications networks and renewable energies.
All this must be done - I repeat - with the involvement of the private company, which, by pooling its efforts with those of public administrations but by supplementing which they never impede or exclude, lead to the creation of prosperity in society and employment.
Mr President, he is established to remind my colleagues, Mr Evans, of the fact that Wales has actually achieved Objective 1 status. It was due to the inadequate policy of its own conservation party.
Let me also remind him that if his party leader, Mr Den Haag, Secretary of State for Wales, he was all the rule in the book on additionality, which led to an outstanding letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies on regulatory requirements.
I can tell you that the UK government is aware of its regulatory requirements for Objective 1 additionality.
I propose Mr Evans back and read the regulation.
My Group has today made comprehensive changes to both reports.
I want to focus our minds on the essential role of the guidelines. The aim is to create a framework and an instrument to support and improve economic recovery, to make the best use of resources in the broadest partnership, and to help these regions to restore and sustainable development so that they finally switch off the regional life-enhancing machine.
It is important to identify the capabilities and potential of our high-tech regions. In particular, in the light of media reports, it is important that Europe loses rapidly in the future in the high-tech growth sector.
The operation of the previous programme round is also very instructed to inform us what the guidelines should not be.
They should not aim to create additional office layers and red tape. They should not try to shift priorities and policies through project development, which leads to inevitable delays and underspending, especially in the light of the new budgetary requirements.
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other senior staff in the Commission or in the public service.
The Commission's Directorate-General must have internal coherence, taking into account the specific local and regional aspects of the Commission's programmes.
Conclusion: We need to make the case of a broad, indicative and flexible approach to support our programme managers and fund users and to make the best use of the potential of our new areas of recovery.
If we can create a spirit of entrepreneurial activity in our poor and structurally weak regions, we will finally put them back on the way to gain a considerable confidence of investors, which is crucial for the future success.
How we will assess the success of these guidelines: whether EU regional policy with a good, solid, sustainable guideline opens up new opportunities and enables our poor and structurally weak regions to make their full contribution to EU growth and prosperity.
I thank Mrs Schroedter for an excellent report.
In some way, it was included in the topic, and in the committee debate it took into account many of the changes presented in the context of this report.
The rapporteur has also quite rightly stated that Parliament is not part of the guidelines in time.
We are bad on this matter.
Unfortunately, the Parliament will help in the mid-term review of the programmes and their practical implementation.
At the time, the report was too large when he was discussed.
Concrete and problems that have already been raised in previous reports.
At this stage, it is more important to focus on how we can use this process to control the Union's regional policy, taking into account the aim of reducing regional inequalities.
Our group underlines the importance of the subsidiarity principle, the responsibility of Member States and the role of local actors in the preparation and implementation of programmes.
SMEs involved in the planning and implementation of programmes are particularly important.
Our group also considers it important to take more account of remote and peripheral areas and to improve the interaction between cities and rural areas.
We oppose the excessive control of the central administration of the Union and its Member States and call for a reduction of red tape rooted in the preparation and implementation of programmes.
Projects implemented with the support of the Union have often weakened their impact by slow decision-making and complex administrative procedures.
Funds have often been granted for projects that have no lasting benefit for the area concerned.
Projects need to be made more efficient, flexible and productive.
Although the report was prepared, it was interesting to discuss the Union's regional policy in general.
It was the first time for our new members and this was a very interesting process.
This report is very good and our group supports it.
Commission President, Commissioner, noted that this Parliament had not yet overcome its role as an advisory and downstream institution, since the excellent report of a member of my group, Elisabeth Schroedter, was unable to meet plenary sessions because the plans for regional development for the Objective 1 regions had been meeting in the offices of the Commission for a few months.
In this context, this house should in any case require that, before the adoption of the Community Support Frameworks for the period concerned, it be examined and submitted for debate, in particular in the light of the guidelines presented today. We believe that they are particularly capable of creating employment in the poorest and least developed regions, and we would thus help to reverse and achieve a fairer Europe.
President, we should not forget that the main objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and its coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion.
We are committed to participating in the preparation of directives and also in the evaluation of their results.
We are committed to do this because we are the representatives of citizens in a Europe of citizens and not only in a Europe of States and regions.
We feel that the funds are a necessary but inadequate condition for economic and social cohesion.
We could be mistakes in using gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator.
Some speakers have already mentioned unemployment and the decline of the population.
We will need to examine several indicators that will allow us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others and how they develop.
Some reports presented today at the plenary session of the European Parliament show that the 25 most prosperous regions of Europe have a unemployment rate that is five times lower than in the 25 least prosperous regions.
This means that the European Parliament, the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically.
I agree that the European Parliament does not have the opportunity – or that it was not given the opportunity to discuss the Directives at the end of the parliamentary period.
But I do not believe that this report is too late.
We need to examine them together so that the new Objective 1 programmes and plans for regional development that have been prepared before the Directives enter into force can be submitted for revision and proper evaluation.
We all agree that if the evaluation of the Directives is made, we should demand that the Parliament has an equally influential role for the reasons we have as representatives of the citizens.
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is bureaucratic at least in the background.
You must see the political dimension of work to see that officials assume their responsibility and that there is communication with citizens.
This is what we are going to the Commissioner today.
I want to believe that he will propose indicators and a strategy that promotes economic and social cohesion and not only productivity, in the light of his past experience.
President, I support the main proposals of the report on the management of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000-2006 and the main recommendations of the report, which include: it must always be an integrated approach to EU Structural and Cohesion Funds spending. This means that there is a comprehensive partnership between local authorities and national governments on the use of these funds.
Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies to revitalise relations between cities and rural areas. The latter point is of particular importance.
While urban regeneration is very important in our cities, we must always strike a balance between promoting rural development and improving the lives of urban dwellers. We do not want to build a Europe of cities alone.
Structural Funds have played a key role in the development of both urban and rural areas in peripheral countries, especially through the modernisation of roads, water treatment and related transport networks.
This process will continue in line with the guidelines for financial expenditure set by EU Heads of State and Government last year at their Berlin summit, supported by Parliament at its last May meeting.
Key EU programmes between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 have certainly contributed to improving the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and the Objective 1 regions in Europe.
The key is to consolidate and make lasting progress so far. This would ensure that the peripheral and ultraperipheral regions, the poorer regions of Europe, are able to operate successfully within the new euro area, as well as within an ever stronger internal market in which the free movement of goods, persons, services and capital exists.
Ultimately, while important infrastructure projects have been supported by the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund, we should remember that the European Social Fund has played a very important role in supporting the less well-developed society.
The Social Fund has certainly improved our institutions at third level, finances our clearance certificates programmes and provides comprehensive systems to combat youth and long-term unemployment, support early school leavers and promote higher standards of adult education.
I have not agreed with the rapporteur on its approach to regional policy. But in this time I really agree with you.
If or not they will encourage them to go on the same path, I cannot say. But I would like to remind you of your work.
I would like to see that if the guidelines were included in the regulation in the form of an annex, as we and Mrs McCarthy, as rapporteur for the general regulation.
Unfortunately this was not done. Mr Bernié is not responsible for this because he was responsible for the previous committee.
Let me turn the question again to the position of the Parliament.
Third, we broadly agree to the general guidelines, unless they differ from the comments made.
They are particularly beneficial for the Member States and I would like to emphasise that the Commission has put the focus on sustainable development, job creation and, in particular, equal opportunities and transport issues.
Personally, I am completely for the guidelines.
But I would like to express my discontent about the lack of recognition of island development.
This is not the first time that this question has not been subject to the consideration it deserves. This was a persistent concern for the five years I was a member of this Parliament, and I have reclaimed the time and time.
According to Article 158(1) of the Amsterdam Treaty, we will continue to address an integrated policy for islands.
Therefore, the Commission should address the problem once and for all.
Time has come to implement the programmes so that Member States should also assume their responsibilities and carry out their jobs properly.
I would like to remind you of the code of conduct signed in May between the Commission and the Parliament.
I am absolutely sure that this code is respected and that the Parliament will keep all developments and details about the implementation of the programmes updated.
Commission President, Commissioner, in this minute and half would like to congratulate Ms Schroedter.
I know that many have already done this, but it deserves our pleasure to be particularly open and attentive to proposals from all sides, and I believe this openness is the quality we see today.
I shared the regret that the Parliament is more involved in these guidelines lately, as the procedure for negotiations with the States is far more advanced so far, that I cannot see this report with any kind of immediate effect, which I believe is a pact.
I therefore believe that we need to consider the future and define guidelines for the mid-term review in 2003 and thus have an impact on the second phase of programming that should follow in 2003.
In short, I would like to say that at the time we are called to manage programming for the period 2000-2006, which we have faced with two major challenges, must not be routine.
First, the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies.
Subsidies are not enough to ensure development if infrastructure and public services are missing.
We must ask ourselves a fundamental question: How can we ensure that the political interfaces of the Union with the national policies of the subsidiary for regional development?
The second challenge is the enlargement, which will naturally have significant effects, both in budget and geographical terms.
It is two areas of action I call on the Commissioner to establish and where I would ask him to participate.
Ultimately, I would like to point out in this time of natural disasters the question of the use of Structural Funds.
As you know, it is up to each State to convert part of the total allocation.
Europe should not be completely missing because the countries want to do more.
The public and the press today do not agree to give a reply, although we will finance a large part of the national operations.
I think we should be able to tell them loud and clear.
I also think we should make sure or ask Member States to ensure that European aid is used to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents.
Mr President, the priority of the financial and monetary criteria, strengthens the inequalities of each form and form.
What is the most likely scenario for French planning experts, today is the development of regional disparities in each country.
Well, the Structural Funds have helped to apply a brake to this process.
Our project of a Europe that aims to meet the social needs foresees convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator. Their implementation would certainly require an extension of the scope of relocation instruments such as the Structural Funds.
In concrete terms, we propose a uniform capital tax that would allow to increase the means used to promote the harmonisation of social protection systems and to reduce working time at European level.
However, the Commission is obliged to publish guidelines, so this is only delayed and unpredicted.
The report presented today builds the place in the political area. It is one of the steps towards employment policy and sustainable development.
This is the conviction that we vote for them.
I would also like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their outstanding work.
In the coming years, in view of the challenges of globalisation and enlargement of the East, Europe will need more than ever appropriate detailed guidelines for the planning and recovery of its economy.
For this purpose, Europe as a whole and each Member State must make the best use of all available resources and capacities, including the Structural Funds.
This is possible, which we need from the European Commission, is not only good intentions, but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the use of these resources by Member States.
Italy had, for example, problems with the use of the Structural Funds in recent years, mainly due to excessive bureaucracy, insufficient information and lack of involvement of economic and social actors at local level.
There are therefore two points I would like to pay attention to the Commission.
First, we must use the best possible use of the consultation as a means to ensure proper coordination and involvement of all local and regional actors in decision-making to avoid imbalances and inequalities. Secondly, a real effort is needed to make administrative procedures simpler and more transparent, as they are all too often unnecessary lengthy and complicated to hinder access to the funds.
This is something which makes European small and medium-sized enterprises particularly difficult.
I will conclude that the failure of the Commission communication to focus on territorial pacts, and in particular the methods to combat unemployment of women and young people, gives rise to serious concern.
Mr. President, like my colleague Evans, is a special pleasure in making my first speech on this very important point, especially because I represent a part of the United Kingdom, the West Midlands, who has benefited from Objective 2 funding so far.
But the report before the night is a prime example of how, if we are not very careful, we can create very exaggerated ideas that do not have the substance to the people who benefit directly from them.
The report itself is well integrated, but so often when we deal with these issues, lack clarity and a solid basis for interoperability.
I and my group therefore propose three major changes and additions to the text, not to take away from the proposal, but to those who have led it.
I want to explain our thinking here.
First, we are concerned about the proper use of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund.
Experience in the past shows that, as the elected representatives of the European taxpayers, financial probity and transparency in the disbursement and audit of this money, we need to refer to what is known as the value of money indicators under the grant.
In the future, we often see large amounts of money for projects whose results are inevitably unclear at the beginning of the programme period.
In the middle or end of this period there is no effective method to determine the project if it is not successful.
Our additions therefore call for the provision of practical, enforceable exit strategies, so that not only we can have the necessary insurance against current costs, which are often charged to taxpayers, but we also avoid the well-informed syndrome to throw good money after bad times.
Lastly, we call for a change in the balance and method to disburs the funds.
It should be a greater involvement of the private sector, which will introduce the financial reality as a perspective within the financing form.
The type of projects funded must also be shifted from small revenue-based projects that are difficult to monitor to capital investments where in most cases the benefits are for all.
How far is the far-reaching need for transparency in the use of these funds and the attempt to rely on the local tax base in areas where such projects are being dismantled, and the European Parliament will show how serious it is necessary to carry out these reforms.
If these changes to the report are supported by the house today, I believe that they will be advancing in the next phase of the achievement of the historic objectives created by the Funds to help financially sustainablely - the disadvantaged areas of the European Union, which must lead to an adequate standard of living, not by giving a hand, but by giving a hand in hand.
I call on the house to support these changes.
President, Commissioner, I would also like to welcome the rapporteurs on her report, which is a metric and substantive piece of work.
The European Union's structural and cohesion policy is without doubt essential tools to create the right conditions to combat and reduce the economic and social disparities between the regions. Despite the steps taken so far, these values are still very high and are unacceptable in terms of unemployment.
These policy objectives can only be achieved through careful coordination and organisation based on well-designed and meaningful guidelines.
Let us not forget that if these measures are effective, they will also benefit European citizens by directly improving their quality of life.
Let us not forget that the islands and remote regions of the European Union should be better taken into account because their geographical location is an obstacle to their economic and social development unless the Commission wants to build bridges or underwater tunnels that connect them to the European mainland.
Finally, let me point out that structural policies require more flexibility to adapt to changing circumstances and to respond to the new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium, for which we all hope we will best hope.
Mr President, Ms Schroedter's report, undoubtedly contains several important comments and I congratulate them. But I believe we should be somewhat more concerned about the actual orientation and result of Community regional policy.
In short, structural policies do not ease the problem of mass unemployment in no way, but tighten it.
The existing regional policy, which has dramatic effects on employment levels in rural areas and on the living conditions of farmers, especially in the South, have been degraded in a uneven way.
Regional disparities are becoming increasingly pronounced in Member States.
If we examine the data presented in the sixth Periodic Report, we will see that the last decade has experienced a spread of regional disparities.
If at all, the major problems of the island regions of the Union, whose shortcomings in infrastructure, transport, communication and energy have led to a gradual depopulation, have not been taken into account.
The economic and social policies of the Union are as much responsible as regional policy.
A large part of the EU population has strongly condemned this policy to be dangerous and anti-citizen close.
Unfortunately, the new guidelines seem to be in the same direction and there are no signs that things will change if they have been implemented.
President, I would like to say some words to highlight two points in these reports, which are of fundamental strategic importance for the way we see the Union.
First, the fundamental, central importance we continue to give the principle of economic and social cohesion.
We are concerned that the Commission takes less seriously this goal.
We still feel that economic and social cohesion is one of the fundamental objectives of the Union.
I agree on what has already been said about the islands and I would like to draw attention to the outermost regions.
In the future, we would like to see more ambition for the outermost regions as in my country the islands of the Azores and Madeira.
I would like to ask if the Commission could inform us about the reasons for the delay in the Commission's report on the outermost regions expected by the Parliament?
I would like to first thank the rapporteur, not least for the willingness to include in the report the proposals we made.
Commission President, Commissioner, will help Member States achieve the reform objectives contained in the programmes.
However, contrary to its right to guidance, the Commission recalls in this context a much larger part of a catalogue of possible measures in the different policy areas.
Its ultimate goal is to give direction and define priorities.
I agree with the rapporteur that unfortunately, the Commission document contains too little in the way of recommendations to Member States to simplify administration, and I support the negotiations to focus on promoting a favourable climate for labour-intensive, small and medium-sized enterprises, clear objectives for alternative sources of finance, including provisions on venture capital and private financing, and support for companies, including new information technologies and investments in innovative areas.
I am particularly in favour of a change proposed by my group under paragraph 10 to ensure an appropriate involvement of the private sector in the planning and implementation of the projects.
I should be very grateful if you would contain this proposed change in part of subsidiarity in your positive discussions.
Commission President, Commissioner in the Employment and Social Committee, unanimously confirmed the criterion that it is of strategic importance and supports, as a matter of priority, the interventions of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund, which promote better employability for the unemployed and gender equality.
Unfortunately, the excellent Schroedter report did not take into account this criterion, although there is considerable evidence to show - as we later see in the Berend report - how these funds are actually helping the least developed regions to bridge the Gulf that they are separated from the most developed regions of Europe.
They grow, but only in terms of GDP.
They increase competitiveness, but they are not all faced with an increase in prosperity because there is no increase in employment and there are still differences in employment opportunities between regions.
Commissioner, please read the opinion of the Employment and Social Committee and treat it as a matter of priority because this is our biggest problem.
Let us take into account the need for employment in strategic terms when reviewing and allocating reserves, as this is in principle what the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund need.
It is important that the guidelines go in the right direction and that they ensure the effectiveness of the programmes of the crucial seven-year period 2000-2006 to ensure sustainable development and job creation, especially for women and young people, and to ensure a balance between economic and social policies and regional policy.
In particular, it is important to address these serious problems in urban areas, employment in rural areas, aid for agricultural regions and equal opportunities for the islands of the European Union and the Greek islands, which, of course, cover half of the Union's islands, as provided for in Article 158 of the Treaty.
Cohesion policy must be further strengthened because a Europe that completely ignores living standards in its regions cannot be reliable or sustainable.
President, Ladies and Gentlemen, would like to express my great interest in a careful hearing of the comments, occasional criticisms and suggestions made by some of you just in your speeches concerning the report of Mrs Schroedter.
Everyone understands, Ms Schroedter, Ladies and Gentlemen, the reasons and the deadlines attached - and I will return to this point - and independently of the deadlines or delays since we are now discussing this report as a representative of the Commission, I believe that the report has been published in relation to the guidelines for the period 2000-2006 as we start the new regional programming process.
Ms Schroedter pointed out, quite rightly, that although it is primarily the responsibility of the Member States and the regions to define their own priorities in development matters, the co-financing of the programmes by the European Union requires and the justification for taking into account the Community priorities in this house in order to promote this aspect of the Community's economic and social cohesion, which many of you have actually stressed.
So let me return to the role and structure of the guidelines before I mention the most important comments and criticisms you, Mrs Schroedter and the various members of this house.
Referring to the role and structure of these guidelines, Mr Hatzidakis, Mrs Schroedter and Mrs McCarthy pointed out that the purpose of these guidelines is to support the national and regional authorities in the preparation of their programming strategy for the objectives of the Structural Funds 1, 2 and 3 and their links with the Cohesion Fund.
This means that the Commission's priorities will be presented on the basis of previous experiences in implementing the programmes and current Community policies in the field of structural measures.
The aim is that these priorities should help to optimise the optimal and efficient use of Community participation, including Bradbourn, and, where necessary, to use the performance reserve specifically aimed at the optimal and efficient use of European public funds.
When I speak an optimal use, I have taken reference both at national and regional level. On this point I will also go to the national level, linking with the Cohesion Fund.
This is the purpose of these guidelines.
With regard to their content, as you know, my ladies and gentlemen from this House, they focus on three strategic priorities that the rapporteur underlined very clearly, but at the same time very passionate about how I have just understood them.
The top priority is to improve the competitiveness of the regional economies in order to create in all areas, in particular in the private sector, such as Mr Berend said, the maximum number of serious, worthwhile and permanent jobs, the competitiveness of regional economies, in particular Mr Evans, but not only of Wales.
As there are a number of you who have just pointed out that you have an injunction, let me also leave the regional economies of the European regions with disabilities by their distance from the centre, the remote regions, island regions or, of course, the most remote regions.
Can I inform Mr Ribeiro e Castro, who has asked me to do so, that the Commission, as I have written to the Presidents of each of these most remote regions, has requested an extension of several weeks before the publication of its expected report.
With regard to the most remote regions, it was only quite good that we have received the intentions of the various governments, but this is not necessarily a pretext, just a statement.
We must therefore take these declarations into account and create an extremely thorough work.
I have at a meeting of the most remote regions on 23. In November, and in the College we felt that we need several weeks before we can prepare a report that is in line with the extremely serious problems and meets the expectations of these most remote regions. I thank you for your understanding in this area.
This is the first priority, the competitiveness of the regional economy.
The second priority, which some of you have emphasised, was a Community priority, but there were others, not I mentioned it in a priority, is to strengthen social cohesion and employment, in particular by raising the profile of human resources far more than in the past.
Ladies and gentlemen, we now have a European Union where disparities between countries are less large, improve the effectiveness and value of the Cohesion Fund, but there is an increasing gap between the 15 or 20 richest regions and the 15 or 20 poorest or most disadvantaged regions in terms of unemployment. This is a situation that is unjustified and unusable.
What I am concerned - taking into account my own concept of building Europe and regional development policy in particular - is a situation which I am unacceptable and I am supporting all the means for which I are responsible for this improved social, human and territorial cohesion, as far as possible, to prevent what I have in this house a two-fast Europe, a Europe of prosperous districts, but at the same time a Europe of devastated areas.
The aim is to achieve urban and rural development in a balanced territorial policy. In concrete terms, the guidelines take into account two horizontal principles.
First of all, rural development is and let me say: Mrs Schroedter, who is in rural development, is a question that I have long personally. I remember especially when I was Minister for Environment in my own country.
The second principle is equal opportunities, especially for men and women, and the European Employment Strategy and the context of Economic and Monetary Union.
Ultimately, we recall the importance and definition of integrated strategies for development or development, which offer all priorities the opportunity to create synergies, actions and the creation of a decentralized partnership. There is a clear reference on page 5 of the guidelines.
But I would like to mention - for you have asked me to do so - that this partnership - and I have long spent enough, as regional administrator in my own country to best say this - is an instrument used to integrate local brainpower, whether in the public sector, in the form of elected representatives, social and educational sectors, associations or in the private sector; In this context, a decentralized partnership and let me give me the answer of Mrs Angel, i.e. that the territorial partnership, i.e. that is the partnership.
These are the reasons why the guidelines are presented according to the thematic priorities as they must be taken into account in different ways according to each of the objectives, in accordance with the specific circumstances of each Member State and region.
I would like to respond briefly to some of the comments you have made, Ladies and Gentlemen, and firstly to the procedure.
It is true that the consultation with the Parliament will only take place at a late stage.
Let me remind you that if the guidelines were adopted by the Commission in February 1999 in the form of a draft, in line with a new procedure to make it easier to make comments on this text, my predecessor, Mrs Wulf-Mathies, submitted to Parliament without delay.
However, following the elections to the European Parliament, which take place during this period, the Parliament could not carry out its examination of these guidelines until the text was finally adopted in July 1999.
In this chamber, Ladies and Gentlemen, among you, I would like to assure you that in the negotiations on the programmes which are only beginning - Mr Hatzidakis me will take into account a question about this topic, as far as Member States are concerned, your comments will certainly be taken into account.
Let me also assure that if the Commission takes into account the guidelines, which we call for the mid-term review in accordance with the regulations, the position of this house as set out in this report.
Now in the form. Regarding the role of the guidelines, Ms Schroedter pointed out that this is the context in which guidelines for a number of European objectives, often very precise, should be presented.
I will not list them all but they include the implementation of cross-sectoral measures, increasing efficiency in the use of public funds, supporting the various partners in establishing regional or national programmes, etc.
The Commission takes note of this, but several of these guidelines or these questions concern more other documents such as the guidelines on reform of the Structural Funds or the working document of the methodology.
I want to address a number of challenges you have reaffirmed, Mrs Schroedter.
I think, for example, that these guidelines are not specific enough in their recommendations.
This claim is that your report must be seen in the framework of the last spring negotiations.
The Commission found the actual wording of Article 10 of the Structural Funds Regulations to provide Member States with comprehensive, indicative guidelines for relevant and agreed Community policies. I have cited the text itself in emergency marks.
In addition, the guidelines cannot replace programming or ex-ante evaluations that must be the instrument to define priorities and the effectiveness of these programmes.
Ms Schroedter, part of the guidelines for urban and rural development, pointed out that urban development was not sufficiently taken into account.
I find the opposite. I want to confirm the great importance the Commission attaches to the urban dimension of our cohesion policy.
I recently had the opportunity to mention all ministers responsible for urban policy at a meeting in Tampere.
The guidelines are in line with the two-fold objective of your rapporteur: a strong agricultural sector that is linked to increasing competitiveness in rural areas, but also to the environment and the rural heritage of Europe.
However, it must be pointed out that the guidelines in question are only linked to the Structural Funds, whose objectives 1 and 2 specifically strengthen the diversification of rural society as a priority.
Let us not forget that there is also a new rural development policy co-financed by the EAGGF guarantee to support reform in European agriculture and support the multifunctional aspect of agriculture.
At this stage I would like to say that I want to integrate it into the programming for Objective 2 rural areas, so that the EAGGF Guidance for Objective 1 regions is in place.
In any case, I appreciate the vigilance of your Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in this area.
Before concluding, I would like to say to Mr Savary that tomorrow we have a special debate on the consequences of the storms that France, Austria and Germany have taken place, especially in recent weeks, and at the same time we will discuss again with my colleague Ms de Palacio, who could draw lessons on the issue of oil pollution, which has also affected the coast of France.
I therefore reserves the right if you allow you to give my own opinion to a large extent your own recommendation on the measures we could take to combat oil pollution by Objective 2.
I would like to remind you that tomorrow the Commission approved the Objective 2 regional plans for France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg. We then have an appropriate instrument for work, especially in most regions affected by the storms.
It is the reason to spend a personal visit on the day after tomorrow in two of the French departments which have been severely hampered by the storm.
I would like to thank you, Mrs Schroedter, for the quality of your work and the Committee and tell you that I am very satisfied, apart from some differences in our evaluations of the role of the guidelines. We discussed this and I tried to clarify my position.
I am very pleased with the support of your house at the Commission in defining these guidelines, which have been made available to the Member States in drawing up their own programmes.
This can only strengthen the concept based on a number of elements of good practice that are derived from our experience of the current programmes 1994-1999. I believe that this is good for effective cooperation between our two institutions, at this stage when programming for the period 2000-2006, good common working practice, supported by Mr Hatzidakis, is very close: compliance with the code of conduct that connects our two institutions.
The debate is complete.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 a.m.
Social and economic situation and development of the regions of the Union
The next point is the debate on the report (A5-0107/1999) by Mr Berend on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, the sixth Periodic Report on the Social and Economic Situation and the Development of the Regions of the European Union [SEC(99)0066 - C5-0120/99 - 1999/2123(COS).].
President, Commissioner, this sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and the development of the regions of the European Union is a milestone in the analysis of regional data and highlights the progress made in this area since the fifth periodic report.
However, I think that mentioning a real convergence of average regional development levels in Europe offers a somewhat overly simplified view of the situation and unfortunately the message in the press and some speeches is very often.
According to the Commission's report, this observation is generally relative, especially when it refers to the social and economic situation of some regions of the Union where I have a special interest in which I concern the French overseas departments and, more generally, the most remote regions.
In this context, I am pleased that the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism has adopted one of my amendments calling on the Commission to take into account in its next report on cohesion in the particular case of the outermost regions and in particular the impact of the measures to be adopted shortly under Article 299(2) of the Amsterdam Treaty.
Ultimately, this sixth periodic report presents interesting arguments from the perspective of a real project for a balanced sustainable development of Europe, especially when it explains the importance of relations between the central areas of Europe and the remote regions.
Even if the Commission does not yet express this, its regular report shows that it is urgent to promote the polycentric development of the Community area through the Union's structural policies and the approach initiated by the SEC.
The President, the Group of European Social Democrats in this Parliament, agrees with the report presented by Mr Berend, and congratulates the author, both on the quality of its conclusions and on its flexibility to ensure that the various groups were able to adopt changes in the Committee.
It must be remembered that the overall competitiveness of the European Union is normally 81% of the United States of America and that this number will only be improved if the number of our competitive units, i.e. the regions, is improved. This is also at a time when technological development, economic globalisation and our problems, enlargement and the single currency are called for more competitive regions and businesses and individuals.
The sixth European Commission report presents very valuable conclusions.
Let me summarise two of those highlighted by the rapporteur, a positive and negative.
First, important progress has been made throughout the Union in regional and social cohesion and the Community funds have been an important but not a decisive factor in reducing regional disparities.
The negative conclusion is that major efforts to harmonise GDP and the productivity of European regions have been more efficient than in harmonising their unemployment.
It is therefore necessary to link structural funding closer to job creation.
Commissioner, is the first command for the next period.
I invite my colleagues to approve this report and I invite the Commission, like other speakers, to take good note of the conclusions of its sixth Periodic Report when they start programming for the period 2000-2006.
Commission President, Commissioner, would like to first thank the rapporteur for his outstanding work and take due account of the proposed changes.
The sixth Periodic Report provides the basis for assessing the implementation of the Union's regional policy objectives.
According to the report, growth is uneven despite all our efforts.
Slow growth continues in Central Europe.
The largest regional centres also grow faster than the general European average, while many southern European and northern areas are developing significantly slower.
We now need a detailed analysis of why regional policy does not produce the desired result in all areas.
Is the basic effort or is it because of inadequate announcements of interregional differences, long distances, cold or hot, thin population groups and austerity conditions?
How can the Union respond to the challenges of global development so that the less developed areas can remain part of this development?
It is also important to find out what impact the enlargement of the Union will have on the Structural Funds and the development of the remote areas of the Union.
Member States must also take their responsibilities into account.
Some Member States have failed to comply with the principle of subsidiarity and national regional funds have been reduced when regional aid has been increased through the Union.
This has relaxed the results of regional policy.
In the future, we also need to develop indicators so that the measures can be targeted at the right place.
For example, no uncontrolled migration has been sufficiently taken into account.
In this context, the crucial importance of SMEs as employers and forces for regional development must also be taken into account.
It is absolutely essential that companies in areas that are slowly developing the latest technologies and know-how take over the latest technologies and knowledge.
Our group supports the adoption of this report.
Commission President, Commissioner, has not yet been able to interpret the existing differences in the incomes of our inhabitants.
We have a serious situation in which the European Union today has a real link between unemployment and poverty, as the very worrying fact that unemployment in the most affected regions has reached 23.7 % on average, regions that also have poor areas, while in the 25 regions with the lowest unemployment that correspond to the richer areas, unemployment is only 4%.
In view of this situation, the report approved by the Parliament must indicate the need for measures that are clearly aimed at combating relative poverty and unemployment: measures such as the appropriate use of the Structural Funds for these purposes, which are often disregarded, with centralised state measures and the modernisation of telecommunications and communications systems, with the aim of integrating the least developed regions into the trans-European rail networks due in 2007.
Measures should also be taken to safeguard and develop the resources and capabilities of these countries in the fields of agriculture and fisheries, which are often damaged by the European Union's policies, and to promote active measures to create jobs, especially for women and young people.
Only through the decisive application of this type of measure, we will be able to overcome social and regional inequalities, which is not the historical product of inherent defects, marginalisation and economic policies that have harmful effects.
Mr. President, Commissioner, Mr Berend's report is in line with the strategy adopted by the European Commission as the question of increasing competitiveness is rightly raised.
The overarching objectives of the Structural Funds, such as creating jobs, promoting equal opportunities, increasing the sustainability of employment and development, are only mentioned in the transmission.
This attitude seems to be unjustified. I would also ask that a large part of these points will be put more emphasis on the seventh periodic report.
This does not mean that I do not see the need for competitiveness, especially because I are self-employed entrepreneurs in an Objective 1 region, located in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and only informed about the problems and concerns of small and medium-sized enterprises.
It is absolutely important that parallel temporary measures are introduced in the Objective 1 regions, i.e. measures to create jobs, specific programmes to promote employment opportunities for women and initiatives to help people start their own business.
They are supported by appropriate measures of the European Structural Funds.
Only the competitiveness of companies will not be able to compensate for the planned cohesion between economic and social development, because there is no basis for a self-sustainable recovery in these Objective 1 regions.
In particular, knowledge that economic development alone does not contribute to combating unemployment, the fact that at least 3% of gross domestic product must be increased to create all additional jobs.
Focusing on the exclusion of all others to supply and demand-oriented economic policies is not a response.
And those who pursue such policies must invest in rationalisation for the majority and to a lesser extent.
It is imperative to go hand in hand with a demand-oriented economic policy if we have all the opportunities to improve the social situation in these areas.
The situation is very different in the regions. In other words, what is necessary, a number of flanking measures are necessary if everything is to be achieved.
This would, for example, be measures on vocational education, training, reintegration of people already excluded from the production process, flexibility of working time and working time arrangements, to achieve a clear improvement in the integration of personal and social aspects and, perhaps, to promote employment opportunities for women.
Mr President, I welcome the rapporteur for his in-depth report.
The main objective of the Structural Funds is to strengthen social and economic cohesion between the regions of the European Union.
By promoting a variety of investments, the European Union aims to increase GDP per capita and increase employment.
From the sixth periodical report on the regions, you can conclude that these incentives do not always have the desired effect.
The efforts to increase per capita GDP in the Objective 1 regions do not always lead to such an increase, not really to a satisfactory outcome over a period in which economic growth is certainly prevailing in recent years.
As indicated by the rapporteur, the impact of structural measures on the other side is minimal in terms of employment.
Some reservations about the effectiveness of Community aid are therefore required.
The fact that differences between regions within the Member States are sometimes even more pronounced also raises serious questions.
President therefore seems useful and necessary to focus on both national and regional authorities, especially in the context of increasing employment. In particular, they have the most knowledge about the regions that fall under their jurisdiction.
By enabling them to develop tailor-made plans for the regions concerned and, if necessary, to do this with financial assistance, a higher return can be achieved.
Unfortunately, this must be the top goal.
I am therefore for the Commission to transfer practical details and the implementation of measures to the Member States and regions.
As a result, it is likely to be more useful to say Member States more strongly in terms of financial assistance to the regions.
By changing the criteria of the regions to the Member States, we can avoid a big problem later.
Ultimately, I would like to point out the position of the Central and Eastern European countries.
According to the report, they are generally a long way behind the EU countries, especially in terms of GDP per capita.
With the planned accession of a large number of these countries in the foreseeable future, it is urgent to review current structural policies.
I would like to use this opportunity to follow the example of the others and ask the Commission to submit proposals for reform more quickly than later.
Commission President, Commissioner, after in-depth examination of this report, cannot meet the conclusion that it was possible to meet the objective of structural policy only partially.
For example, the differences between regions have increased rather than reduced, but there is a certain convergence between Member States themselves.
Equally, unemployment in the most affected regions has not decreased at all, in some cases even increased.
I wonder why the Structural Funds do not work more efficiently.
Even the accumulation of money from the Cohesion Fund and the Structural Funds has no desired effect in all regions and countries.
As all politicians across Europe are in the process of reducing unemployment, a critical question is whether the applied policies are the right or whether it would not be useful to increase the competitiveness of the regions through appropriate measures such as enhanced support for research and development, improvement of infrastructure and increasing the level of training.
Real structural reforms and a competitive tax policy are the cornerstones of a successful economic base.
If we do not seek to pursue a cost-intensive structural policy that does not improve unemployment in the long term, the measures taken so far need to be analysed.
We will only be able to say that the Union's structural policies are a success if we create a sufficient number of jobs and if the unemployment rate is significantly reduced.
Commission President, Commissioner, I would like to thank the rapporteur for preparing this very important report, as developments in the social and economic situation will decide to what extent European citizens will be judged that we are successful in our work.
This issue, which affects everyday life, is an important issue for the EU's credibility.
It must be clear that the EU has already provided assistance, I would be very surprised to the development of poor countries.
I remember what Portugal and Greece have used for the first time 25 years ago when I have driven these countries.
In this context, French speakers would speak of a coup d'é chapeau: in other words I will take my hate to the EU.
The EU deserves such gesture, but the differences between rich and poor areas in the countries are still too large.
What is the result?
People react with their feet and go where they can earn a cancer.
Therefore, we need to build many times for schools, hospitals and the entire infrastructure for the same people in the same country.
This is very costly and also leads to very large social problems.
However, most people want to live in the area where they were born and confiscated when they get the chance, in other words when they were working there.
We must give them this opportunity.
This is a moral obligation that the EU and all of us have.
The solution I see is clearly in favour of entrepreneurship.
I mean not only the company's own responsibility but the foundation. I mean the attitude where a person wants to come in life is a worker, the owner of a company or an official.
What is a fair society?
Anyone who can live from a modest background to make life easier for his children.
In this sense, a positive development of regions is also possible because people start and work if they get the chance.
Ultimately, I would say that in this area we should learn a lesson from America, where hard work is still in fashion and success, a sign of the ability and not the goal of Envy, as it is often in Europe.
President of the Commission, as my time is limited, will come to the point.
Let me first say: The fruits of growth are not distributed fairly within the Union. The most remote regions that are still severely affected by disasters in unemployment offer an example.
La Reunion is for example 37%.
However, this is not a situation related to the economic climate, but it is a structural problem created by our remoteness, our island situation, briefly said, our own personality.
Article 299(2) of the Amsterdam Treaty provided for the principle of special, exceptional treatment to deal with such cases. It is only necessary to implement this principle in practice.
The Commission document, to be finalised in December 1999, was postponed until January, then February, and the first thinking does not give me much optimism.
I therefore appeal to the Council and the Commission.
As regards taxation, state aid, the Structural Funds and the defence of our traditional products, practical measures are urgently planned which are characterised by ambitious and ambitious objectives. If this is not reflected, convergence and cohesion will unfortunately not be more than words for us, and it is to be feared that the structural policies implemented in our regions, despite the amount of the bounds, lead to a failure.
Mr President, like all previous speakers, would like to thank Mr Berend and congratulate him on the quality of his report.
Just as the previous report, this extremely competent and accurate analysis, which supports the recommendations and your own comments, Ladies and Gentlemen, will be useful for the Commission in general and the Commissioner responsible for regional policy, especially at this time when we are linked to the programming of the funds for the period 2000-2006.
I would also like to make some comments, first of all, Mr Berend, on the evaluation you made from this sixth periodic report.
They pointed out the quality of the report and even wrote if I don't be confused that it is a real improvement compared to previous reports.
On behalf of all Commission officials and my predecessor, Mrs Wulf-Mathies, I have to tell you that we were very attentive to the assessment of this house and itself.
The Commission was certainly very worrying to ensure that this sixth periodic report should show that progress has been made and a threshold has been exceeded which has been reached on the quality of the analysis presented to you.
In particular, I think about the content of Chapter 2.1 of this report, in which the Commission has examined the economic definitions of regional competitiveness more closely and attempted to analyse the extent to which this competitiveness can be supported, improved and influenced by factors which some of you - Mr Markov, just now, and Mrs Raschinho - have stressed very strongly.
I think about technological research and development, infrastructure and quality, human resources potential, small and medium-sized enterprises and direct investment from abroad.
So much for quality.
Let me not spend the time now, Mr Berend, referring to my opinion of the general points that your house has already approved. Let me mention them only: The first point concerns the importance of the conclusions of this report in defining the priorities of the new regional policy, in particular when negotiating programme documents with the Member States.
Second, partnership, a number of you stressed the role of local and regional authorities, the private sector, both sides of industry, associations and local groups.
With regard to this issue of partnership, I will be very careful to ensure that the conditions of the Structural Funds regulations are properly applied.
Third, to develop the employment side of growth, although I am aware of how Mr van Dam has just said that the top responsibility of the Member States is, and that if we speak of the responsibility of the Member States, we must clearly define the nature of time we work.
Mr Fruteau said that the fruits of growth were unevenly distributed.
Mr Fruteau, we must at least recognize that there is growth and that we do not work in a period of stagnation or recession as in the past.
You will tell me that growth or bottlenecks do not affect all of them. I agree with your analysis.
If there is growth, it needs to be better distributed, but a more difficult issue that places the regions that are disadvantaged by their remoteness is the growth that normally characterises the last two decades.
Fourth, Ms Hedkvist Petersen stressed the promotion of gender equality policy for women and young people.
Fifth, the importance and role of small and medium-sized enterprises. Vice-President Vatanen just announced this.
Ultimately, the positive impact on the national administrations of the Structural Funds management system, the reasons for the management of these funds, even though it is sometimes complicated, and the importance of a renewed improvement of the procedures for assessing, monitoring and monitoring the Commission.
In this context, I must inform the European Parliament about my intention to organise a seminar with national and regional authorities on this subject by the year 2000 on the evaluation of the procedures for the exchange of best practices in the management of the Structural Funds.
I would like to mention some specific points.
Mr Berend, you expressed the wish that zoning should be implemented quickly.
Now we come to the end of the zoning phase. tomorrow, the Commission will decide on the matter for four other countries and I hope it will be Italy very soon.