Resumed session of the Conference
I adjourn the resumed European Parliament, which I adjourned on Friday, 17 December 1999, and I wish you once again for the new year and wish you a latent period.
Although, as you have seen, a vibrant cyclone failed, the people of some countries still suffer a series of natural disasters, which are indeed horrible.
You ask for debate on this issue in the coming days.
At the same time, I would like to observe a minute of silence, as a number of Member States have called on all relevant victims of the European Union, in particular victims of horrible storms.
This minute of silence was then requested.
(The House upgrades and observes a minute of silence)
Ms. President, procedural questions.
You will be informed by the media and television that there have been some bombings and killings in Sri Lanka.
One of the most recent assassinations in Sri Lanka was Mr. Kumar Bram, who visited the European Parliament for several months.
Ms. President, if you should write to the President of Sri Lanka, regrets the death of other violence in Sri Lanka, and urges her to do everything possible to seek peace and resolve the very difficult situation?
Yesterday, I feel that the kind of initiative that you have just recommended is fully appropriate.
If the House of Representatives agrees, I should act as Mr. Ivan.
Ms. President, procedural questions.
I would like to advise you on article 143 on the permissibility.
My question relates to the question to be raised on Thursday, and I will revert to that issue.
The report on the multi-year guidance programme was presented to Parliament on Thursday and, in paragraph 6, a proposal was made that a quota punishment should be used for countries that had not met the goals of the fleet. It said that, despite the principle of relative stability, that should be done.
I think that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of common fisheries policy, and proposals to avoid such policies will be legally permitted. I would like to know who can object to the report rather than a legislative proposal and whether I can do so on Thursday.
This is what you wish to raise if you wish to raise this issue, namely, on Thursday before the beginning of the report.
The President wrote with the first part of this year's European Parliament, and unfortunately, on Thursday, held in Skkas, United States of America, the 34-year-old youth who had been sentenced to death. We will be grateful if you would make a statement.
At the request of French members, Mr. Zfle has made a petition, many of whom have signed the petition, including my own. However, I should like to ask you to use your good offices and your representative's weight, in accordance with the European Parliament and the European Community as a whole, and to express to the President and President Fez Bush the right to order the suspension and to rejudge those who have been condemned.
This is in line with the principle that we always uphold.
I am very pleased to thank you, Mr. Saidini.
Indeed, this is in full compliance with the position adopted by the House.
Ms. President, I would like to draw your attention to the consistent interest of such a Parliament. This is the case in Alexandre Niki Kyoto.
All of us here are pleased that the Court is concerned with him and has made it clear that access to environmental information is also constitutional rights in Russia.
However, as the public prosecutor is appealing, he will revert to the Court.
We know that in many resolutions, including during last year's last plenary meeting, we have made it very clear that this is not only a legal case, but also because of our participation as beneficiaries of our findings, Alexander Nikimin was accused of criminal activity and treasury.
Those findings form the basis for the European Programme for the Protection of the Palestinian Sea, and I therefore invite you to review a draft letter outlining the most important facts and to place the position of the Parliament, as indicated in the resolutions adopted, as well as in Russia.
Yesterday, when I received your letter, I am pleased to see the facts of the case.
At the outset, I would like to express to you, Mr. President, that you have retained your words and that, during the first part of the new year, the number of television channels in our offices has actually increased.
However, Ms. President, my personal request was not met.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese, I have no Dutch channel to do so because the Dutch people here wish to be able to follow this information when we send the information to this place of exile on a monthly basis.
I therefore again ask you to ensure that we have access to the Netherlands.
Mrs. Plooij-van may tell you that this matter is the plenary agenda.
I hope that this will be reviewed in a positive manner.
Mr. President, you can tell me why the Parliament does not comply with its legislation on health and security that it actually adopt?
Why have air quality tests conducted in this particular building since our election?
Why have there been no meetings of the Committee on Health and Security since 1998?
Why have there been no fires in the Brussels House of Assembly buildings or in the Resistanceberg House?
Why are there no fire prevention instructions?
Why have there been no improvement in the fighting since the accident?
Why do not implement any friction area?
It seems absolutely dismaying that we adopt legislation that does not uphold ourselves.
Mrs. Lynn, you very right, and I will check whether this is true.
I would also like to refer this issue to the Quaestors College, and I am sure that they will be willing to ensure that we comply with our own voting regulations.
Mrs. Dany Gonzalez and I raised questions about some of the views of Mrs. Depassi, Vice-Chairperson, which appeared in Spanish newspapers.
The competent services have not yet been included in the agenda on the grounds that they have responded in the previous period.
I would like to ask them to reconsider this situation.
The questions previously answered also referred to the statement made by Mrs. Depalata in the British Broadcasting Corporation, which was published on 18 November.
Mr. Belendé Fierst, we will check all.
I recognize that there appears to be some confusion about this issue.
We will therefore give due consideration to ensuring that all should be done.
I would like to know, Mr. President, whether we will send a clear message to Parliament about our dissatisfaction with the decision to reject an extension of the arms embargo against Indonesia today, as the vast majority of the current Parliament endorses the Indonesian arms embargo?
The decision not to extend the embargo today is extremely dangerous to consider the situation there.
Therefore, the Parliament should send a message because it is the great desire.
EU member States are reluctant to extend the embargo.
As has been said, the situation is extremely volatile. Indeed, there may be a risk of military coups in the future.
We do not know what is happening. Why is, therefore, the profit of the European Union weapon-producing countries at the expense of innocent people?
In any event, this issue is not currently required for the thematic and urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
The President, the presentation of the Political Programme of all legislative organs of the Prodi Commission, which was initially a proposal by the European Socialist Party Group, was adopted unanimously at the September meeting of the President, and President Prodi was also explicitly accepted and he reiterated his inauguration.
This commitment is important because the Commission is based on the body of the treaty monopolies initiative, and it is therefore the main decision of this year's political and legislative activities.
I would also like to point out, Mr. President, that the current Parliament expressed confidence in President Prodi in previous legislative bodies. It reproduces this in its current legislature in July and then voted again in September in favour of the Commission as a whole.
Therefore, the Committee has enough time to prepare its programmes to familiarize us with the programme and to explain to our citizens.
To that end, I would like to remind you that the proposal was made as soon as possible by the resolution of 15 September.
The events of the last week stem from the President's meeting, which is only used to confirm and ratify the decisions taken elsewhere, and we face the plight. The Commission was prepared to propose the programme, in which case it should clarify the programme.
According to the Chairman, it was able to do so.
Given that the Committee is represented by the Vice-Chairman, Depalata, I believe that if the Committee knows whether it is ready to propose the programme in an agreed manner, it will help us. Alternatively, there is no parliamentary readiness to review the programme, as some seem to suggest.
I believe that this second assumption means that the Parliament does not serve as a Parliament and that there is no well-documented approach, including making statements on the Committee's programme before week — not agreed with all — since the legislative programme will be discussed in February, and that we can forget the debate because, in the coming day, our citizens will be heard on this issue on the press and the Internet, the Parliament will no longer be concerned.
My Group believes that there is no reason for delay because a Parliament is to hear, debate and reflect, and we believe that, if the Committee is ready to do so, we still have time to re-establish the initial agreement between Parliament and the Committee and to start the fulfilment of our responsibilities.
As a result, the European Socialist Political Parties Group recommended that the Prodi Commission be proposing its legislative programmes on Wednesday, including the proposed administrative reforms, since we can find themselves in a conflicting situation: on the one hand, the Chairperson of the Commission will be deprived of the right to speak in Parliament and, on the other hand, if the Parliament does not have a prior understanding of its basic text, there will be no debate on reform.
Ms. President, I therefore give the floor to you to ask the Committee to comment on this issue before we proceed to the vote.
(accessed from PSE Group)
Mr. President, I am very pleased to see Mr. Barrata's behaviour, and he now calls for the inclusion of this item on the agenda of Wednesday.
Mr. President, you have not been able to participate in the meeting on Thursday.
I do not criticize this; now, people are represented.
Mr. Hé Narić represents you today.
At the meeting of the President, we held an in-depth discussion.
Mr. President, your team merely advocates what you have said.
We then put it to the vote.
As you know, each President has the same number of votes as members of the Group.
To vote on this matter. As I recall, the result of this vote was 422 votes to 180, with a few abstentions.
This means that all groups, unless bound members agree, are of course not groups; only your group believes that we should act as you propose here.
All other views vary. This is a decision.
I would now like to turn to this issue itself.
We have confidence in the Committee and in Romeno Prodi, and, as everyone knows, the vast majority of our groups support the confidence of Romeno Prodi and the Committee.
However, we believe that the strategic plan of the Commission needs to be debated within the appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of oral statements by the European Parliament, but also on the basis of documents adopted by the Committee, but also within five years.
No such document is available.
The Committee will present its programme in February 2000.
We say that if the Committee does not wish to implement the 2000 programme in early January, we will do so in February.
We agree that.
After all, we do not wish to maintain contact with the Commission; if all, we believe that the Committee and Parliament must take the same path.
However, in Parliament, we also have a monitoring role for the Commission, and we do not agree with all the recommendations of the Committee.
I think we are able to make a sound preparation for our Group's debate on the five-year programme.
If you have heard a statement at this House, and there is no vision for its content, you cannot be ready.
We therefore recommend — and I am impressed that the Commission will also be willing to accept that idea — we will hold a debate on the Commission's long-term programme in February 2005 — and I hope that the Committee will agree on a programme that will then be proposed to us and that we also hold a debate on the Commission's legislative programme in February 2000.
Those issues also indicate that we should share the debate on these two programmes. That is why I am firmly opposed to the recommendations of social groups.
(accessed from PPE-DE groups)
I am very clear, Mr. President, that the Committee is of the utmost importance to respect the decisions of the current Parliament and, above all, to determine its agenda.
We therefore respect any decisions that may be taken by Parliament.
However, I am also very clear that President Prodi is committed to adopting a new debate, as Mr. Barton Kassopo reminds us that, in addition to the annual debate on the legislative programme of the Committee, there are a wide range of areas of action over the next five years, i.e., for this legislative body.
I would like to point out, Mr. President, that the agreement reached in September distinguished this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to point out that the Committee is ready and ready to hold this debate without convenience, and we are ready to debate this week, as we initially agree that this week will be held until we address the parliamentary group.
Thus, Mr. President, I would like to reiterate that the Committee has debated the plan of action for the next five years, and if the Parliament decides that this week, we are ready to explain the 2000 programme that we fully agree in the next five years and next months.
I can hear, Mr. President, a massacre from the socialist population.
I have been informed that many sectors of the Socialist Group are also willing to delete the item from the agenda, since at the presidential meeting, there was no voting from the Working Group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter.
I am not aware of the correctness of this information, but I would like to express my gratitude to the PPE-DE team for deletion of the item in any case, as a result of the numerous parliamentary processing of this issue.
Decisions on such taxes were also adopted.
That is why my team will delete the item from the agenda.
I thank you, Mr. Poetteing.
We will now hear a statement by Mr. Wurtz on this request.
Mr. President, I would like to start by pointing out that Mr. Platin lacked the logic. He had just had an impact on the European Socialist Party group, as they had returned to the decision taken in a fully clear manner at the President's meeting.
We discussed this issue, which we are consistent, with the exception of the People's Party and the National Liberation Party.
As my same President will recall, I have even said that I do not know who is the Tobin tax or the Tobin tax, but to hear the Committee and the Council's views on it.
There is little requirement.
I therefore repeat the recommendation that the oral issue be retained to the Commission and the Council so that we can find once and for all the positions of the two bodies on the recommendations, which will give public opinion, particularly following the perception of the failure of the Sumttle Conference.
We should proceed to vote to request that the oral questions concerning capital taxes be withdrawn to the agenda.
(The Parliament rejects the request, 164 votes in favour, 166, with 7 abstentions)
I would like to thank Mr. Putin for presiding over this debate.
Thank you very much.
Ms. President, I have the right to vote? I cannot vote electronically because I have no cards.
I voted in favour.
Indeed, if we add to the announcement of two members, the result of the vote will be ....
The President declared the result of the vote.
There is no room for amendments.
In the previous vote, I will comply with your decision on this issue — and I say on the Commission's strategic plan, I should like to make a statement on behalf of my group before the voting. This does not happen.
Allow me to speak in explanation of vote on behalf of my Group.
This is an important issue. The House of Representatives record helps to clarify how we understand what we have done under their own political analysis.
I do not wish to reopen the debate, Mr. President, but I also call for the floor to comment on Mr. Barón Crespo.
You have not called for me.
I regret that, but have taken a vote to decide to leave us.
I am convincing, Mr. Hänsch and Mr. Cox. I have not seen your request.
Even so, I believe that these positions are very clear and should be within minutes.
When we met for a three-minute period tomorrow, any member who believe that the position is not fully interpreted can request amendments.
This seems to be a viable solution.
Of course, any further explanation will be taken into account for a minute of meeting tomorrow.
I believe that this is a more appropriate solution than now, in order to explain its vote at an extremely cost.
Mr. Cox, Mr. Hänsch, can you accept this?
The President: If I have voted in the right record, I am not personally or objected.
If your decision is not in explanation of vote, I agree that there is a reservation.
We should of course pay special attention to the wording of a small minute.
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted, then we can rectify those positions if necessary.
(As a result, an enterprise order)
Security Adviser on the Transport of Dangerous Goods
The next item is the report of Mr. Koch on behalf of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission on the Common Position of the Council (A5-0105/1999), with a view to adopting a compromising directive of the European Parliament and the Council on the examination requirements for the transport of dangerous goods through roads, railways or inland waterways (C5-0208/1999-1998/0106 (COD)).
We cannot accept the fact that we have heard more accidents causing significant damage to our roads, Mr. President, and our railways and waterways, not only because the personnel concerned have not been seriously transporting dangerous goods, or because of the lack of training for drivers or others responsible for various vehicles, minor accidents tend to be a major disaster.
As Austria, I remain a vibrant memory, and I believe that all of us have done so, which has killed many people in Tauern Tunnel last year, and that, since then, the reconstruction of parts of the tunnel destroyed in the shell has continued for many months.
The renovation project has continued for several months to cut this important route between northern and southern Europe.
Because of this trafficking, thousands of people in the EU are dissatisfaction with the restrictions.
Indeed, in some cities in my province, all victims have been dispersed.
Prevention must be an answer to such disasters, which is an important step towards training well-trained security advisers in order to act in a timely manner.
Similarly, we must not be involved in the enactment of European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow up to ensure that our rules are adopted in a timely manner by Member States and, more importantly, we must ensure that those rules are applied in the future.
I should not repeat another sector, and we must then pay tribute to the lack of implementation measures.
Let me turn to the last point.
We must not allow ourselves to close another loophole in the safety net and to place our eyes on the fact that much remains to be done if Europe is transport security.
In that regard, I should like to request and invite the Commissioner, together with us today, to make the appropriate text as soon as possible in order to continue to make transport safer and make transit tunnels more secure so that we in Europe do not have to experience more such disasters in this scale.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to thank Mr. Kosh for his report, which is at the core of transport security. The report examines the inspection requirements for the transport of dangerous goods through roads, railways and inland waterways.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
It is unfortunate that the recent news is that Paddington railway crash in London, the horrific rail of Norway, the two air crashes involving European Union citizens and the natural catastrophe of Erika, involving Bittany, have reminded us that transport security must not be approved and that the protection of the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified.
The Rapporteur noted to Parliament that, in the Common Position, the Council had accepted 10 amendments to six Parliaments proposed on first reading, and the substance of other amendments to Parliament had been retained.
Therefore, the Panel will support a common position and look forward to enacting legislation that will provide us with another tool to transport the European Union as safely as possible.
In the area of security, my team will always support any initiative to improve transport security.
As demonstrated by recent events, we still have much to do in that regard.
Ms. President, I would like to make a few comments.
At the outset, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for his very accurate technical work on the report, and, secondly, the Committee has made its recommendations.
Here, we are concerned about the harm that the review requires, in fact, a minimum requirement. This is an ideal.
It goes without saying that the safety of roads, railways and inland waterways is essential, and given the international nature of these transport, training of security advisers should be compromised, and therefore the need for new disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, such as ongoing.
This is important, but it is indeed law enforcement and, of course, there are many reasons for requiring special attention.
For example, in Belgium, the Netherlands and some other countries engaged in hazardous items, the road accidents that have occurred in recent years continue to hamper energy conditions when they truly should be removed from the road.
The vessels from Eastern Europe are at risk near the vessel.
In addition, it transposed a study by Belgium, Finland's ports, but Japan also indicated that 50 per cent of containers with some dangerous goods were not properly delivered.
In short, this is an important issue.
If we look at the situation of security advisers, in some countries, companies must hire such security advisers effective 1 January this year.
The current implementation of this rule will face major issues, particularly small companies, which cannot provide security advisers.
These small companies either dispose of their goods or confuse it with other goods.
Therefore, ISO 9002 certificates are also requested to include details of these activities in the form of annual reports and corporate analysis.
Work has been completed. All this remains law enforcement.
Let me mention a last point.
In the area of law enforcement, appropriate agreements must also be concluded with Eastern European States, since they do not conclude treaties dealing with this issue before 1 July 2001, that is, in the eighteen months.
This makes them competitive during the interim period.
That is not entirely in itself, but we should highlight the security aspects of the transport of goods from roads, railways and inland watercourses, as soon as possible, as part of the Community's borders and submit them to the acceding State.
Ms. President, the current Parliament highlighted the importance of transport security and rightly the point.
The increasing number of goods transferred through Europe poses a wide range of known and unknown risks to employees and the social environment.
Therefore, those who must deal with these risks should meet strict requirements.
Another instruction 95/35/EC sets out the criteria and appears to be sufficient to provide people with information on the organization of dangerous goods in a responsible manner.
I am very pleased that agreement has been reached with the Council on the Minimum Examination Standards, although I would like to see whether it has established a uniformity, set standards and modules that would have equal value internationally.
However, this seems not feasible.
Finally, the amendments proposed by the Rapporteur are completely logical and I can give my full support.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to congratulate Mr. Kosh on his report, although technically, that security remains very important.
I would just like to make a few comments.
At the outset, I should like to ask the Commissioner — I am certain that my request will fall on the fertile ground to ensure greater attention to security issues, whether in roads, waterways or sea.
Taking into account today, we will only deal with the Commission's proposal for the first time on 19 March 1998, although the Parliament's response is relatively rapid, this time is too long.
This is not just a failure of the Commission, but I believe that we need to act faster to achieve damage in the region.
I have referred to the second point: it covers minimum standards.
In principle, I believe that in many transportations we should strive to increase flexibility and country-specific rules.
However, in the area of security, I am certain that the security of Sweden is in principle irrelevant to the security of Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can meet these minimum standards, but I ask the Committee to monitor the situation very seriously.
If such flexibility leads to inadequate rules in a number of countries, we should strive to undermine them more.
My third point has been mentioned.
As you know, as Mr. Rack, I come from transit countries, which is of particular importance.
We do not want to unilaterally worsen competition conditions in some countries and to improve them, such as Austria or other transit countries.
However, I believe that we should do everything possible to transport dangerous goods to a minimum in all countries, whether in transit or in transit.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to congratulate Mr. Kosh, Rapporteur on his excellent work in improving the text and presenting the report and making this recommendation, and to cooperate actively with him, and finally, to make an amendment to the request for an appropriate review of the transport of dangerous goods through roads, railways or inland waterways.
It is our understanding that cooperation with the Regional Policy Committee, in particular the Transport Group, is important at present.
The Common Position actually includes all amendments accepted by the Committee and undermines the minimum review requirements of the security advisers, and in second reading, we can accept amendments to the proposed date, which are more realistic than the initial amendments proposed by the Committee, as we now spend a few years to address this issue.
I very briefly thank members for their statements and tell you that security is one of the priorities in the area of transport.
As Mr. Simpson said very rightly, this is a process that we never cannot abandon or consider.
The process of increasing the range of transport security and safety is a process that must be improved every day.
In that regard, I would also like to refer very briefly to the question of tunnels, which have already been mentioned by Mr. Swoboda that Austria has no doubt about this issue and should make great efforts to improve their security.
In the most recent accidents, the transport of goods is not dangerous.
Marga and several kg of paints do not, in principle, risk and lead to a real disaster.
We must therefore see how to further improve the requirements for security at the highest level.
Finally, I would like to point out that we must consider all types of transport security.
This week, we will hold a debate on maritime transport security, in accordance with the disaster in Ekannesia, and this year we must discuss our objectives in the area of air transport security.
But let me say that security is a priority for the Commission.
As I will say in the debate on the disaster of Erika, we do not wait until we are dealing with security issues, even if there are no such cases, which only proves the urgency of responding effectively to such issues.
I wish once again to thank all speakers, in particular Mr. Kosh, Rapporteur.
The debate has ended.
The voting will be held at 12 p.m.
Highway transport of dangerous goods
The next item is Mr. Koch's report on behalf of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission (A5-0104/1999) on the basis of the proposal of the European Parliament and the Council's directives to amend Member States' legislation on the transport of dangerous goods on the road. 158-C5-0004/1999-1999-1999/0083 (COD)].
The President, the Commissioner, Ms. and the Ministers issued instructions to Member States for their legal interest in the transport of dangerous goods, effective 1 January 1997, containing a number of transitional provisions, which are limited only in time, relating to the specific standardization work completed by the European Commission for Standardization.
The delay in the current work of the Christian Islands makes it difficult to apply this very instruction.
In particular, the annex cannot be adjusted to take into account technology and industrial development.
I regret this because others do not work.
In that regard, I accept this proposal to amend the directives No. 94/55/EC that we have discussed today.
If the European Union does not act, Member States must make very brief amendments to their national legislation until the Clinic Commission completes its work, which will result in unnecessary costs and uncertainty.
Thus, amendments to directives on today's agenda do not affect the existing damage to the transport of dangerous goods within the Community.
It merely extends the transitional rules and removes no applicable provisions and sets out procedures for the implementation of temporary transport of dangerous goods and (b) enacting strict national regulations, in particular the transport of very small dangerous goods to local areas that are strictly defined.
Therefore, amendments to this directive are in full compliance with the principle of annexation; Member States have increased authority.
The Committee decided that Member States might impose certain rules. In doing so, support was provided by a Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods in accordance with the regulations.
The Council's decision of June 1999 set out the procedures for the exercise of these powers by the Commission.
However, the proposal to be discussed today is to modify the directive on the transport of dangerous goods on the road in May 1999 and therefore cannot consider the latest common decision procedure.
The two amendments proposed and unanimously adopted by the Committee relate entirely to the procedure for the common application of the amendment.
We would like to ensure that the issue is addressed as soon as possible and that the Council must take a decision — without a clear word — providing for a maximum of three months.
Moreover, it was noted that transparency was necessary.
A further amendment enables Member States to respond to the vacuum requirements, in particular the vacuum requirement, and if the work or the transport of goods is a priority item of less temperature than 20o. C.
This is in line with the special interests of the northern European region.
The purpose of a final amendment is to ensure that tanks and tank vehicles entered into force from 1 January 1997 to this instruction are invested for the period 1 January 1997, provided that the tanks and tanks have been constructed and maintained in accordance with that agreement.
I do believe that this is only a small step in enhancing transport security, but I request you to endorse the report.
Mr. President, together with colleagues, new years and the Millennium.
I am very pleased to speak in this plenary for the first time, and I am very pleased that I have been almost identical to the first family, despite the fact that more than 2 minutes have been made.
I would like briefly to comment on the Commission's recommendation to modify the directive on the transport of dangerous goods through the road.
This instruction should now be developed, since Member States must modify their national conduct within a short period of time, which once again means unnecessary costs, which will make the EU bureaucratic more concerned.
However, the Commission's proposal did not take into account all facts, such as the prevailing climate of the cold war in the northern region.
As a result, I have made some amendments to the excellent report of Mr. Kosh, which we adopted by the Committee.
My revisions relate to the freezing of speculation for oil rounds carrying these dangerous items.
As recommended by the Committee, 20oC will be sufficient. At the Mediterranean coast, it is difficult to imagine that temperatures in Raplant may be significantly lower than that level.
In La Pade, the European Union is also supporting us to remember them.
Therefore, I propose that the rating of the freeze be reduced to -40oC.
It is necessary to maintain safety standards in the northern regions before.
I hope that my proposal will be taken into account in the morning vote.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to express my admiration for the manner in which you have rapidly changed the presidency during the debate.
I think this is very superfluous.
With regard to the current issue, I believe that the people of Europe must be able to believe that the goods — but dangerous — are transported on the European road, railways, so as to be safe as possible.
This instruction is a contribution to this.
What we are doing today is essentially delicate.
Mr. Kuš thanked him for the work he had done in that regard, and he had pointed out that it was not disappointing in drafting and revising the directive.
Therefore, we can only hope — that we should address all issues this week — all of us. - In 2001, we will finally adopt the Community Regulation for the Transport of Dangerous Goods through the Highway, so that we have a certain legal certainty and that we are safer.
The report we have discussed here, Mr. President, does not present any significant changes.
Most proposed amendments are purely technical. However, it is worth emphasizing that this is useful in terms of a broad environmental perspective when we make such a decision, as it creates better prequalification for the possibility of using domestic markets.
Highway and rail and sea transport a large number of dangerous goods.
This makes it necessary to establish appropriate transport rules.
In the latter area, we are now receiving the minimum regulations common by Member States.
It was very positive and wished to thank Mr. Kosh, Rapporteur, for his work on this issue.
This is also important for domestic markets.
If we truly establish and operate a common transport market, we should not only have regulations but also apply to each country to the extent possible.
Finally, I would like to touch on a third equally important issue, namely, the amendment proposed by Mr. Ali Watanin, members of Parliament.
In many respects, the precondition differs from one Member State.
By approving this amendment, we take into account that the northern part of the European Union can be very careful.
This makes it necessary to consider the ways in which materials and packagings are affected by such a refrigeration.
It is good that we may also be flexible when developing these regulations. I hope that the Committee will accept this amendment.
I would not only like to thank Mr. Kosh, Mr. President, but also the Vice-Chairpersons of the Committee for their clear and unequivocal manner in which they declared their support for the security of the transport sector and recognize it as a priority.
Mr. Kosh presented his robust report because the work within the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe was not too fast.
I would like to ask the Vice-Chairpersons that if she can tell us that these two organizations are making efforts to undermine them, and whether the European Union can expedite these damage efforts in accordance with the simpleest principle.
It is clear that, even if we make excellent arrangements within the European Union, trafficking is not stopped at our borders, but goes beyond them.
Thus, every reason is the application of more far-reaching regional provisions.
If the Commissioner was not able to do so today, she was prepared to inform the Committee in writing on how to deal with the matter and what was the stage of negotiations between the Christian and the Economic Commission?
I once again congratulate Mr. Kosh on his extensive work on this other report, Mr. President, to complement our debate on the transport of railways in October.
We all regret that the European Commission for Standardization (ISOC) has not been able to amend the damage necessary within the European Union within the time necessary.
This debate and the revision of existing instructions have allowed us to incorporate a variety of factors, demonstrating the diversity of our Europe.
At that time, Mr. Vatanen spoke to us of a low temperature rather than a level of 20 intake, which was less than 40 degrees.
Of course, we agree with this amendment — it is absolutely right — and I believe that we should incorporate specific circumstances that demonstrate the European Union's climate diversity and, in some cases, adopt specific forms and specific requirements to define the criteria and characteristics of the technical nature.
I would like to say that, with regard to Mr. Svoboda's comments on the activities of Clinius, we urge them to expedite their work, since, despite the new period, we have to find themselves after one year, as their work has not been completed, they face the same difficulties.
Finally, the President noted the basic question of interpreting this instruction. We refer to delays in the Union of Democracies, revisions of certain provisions, consistency in the guidance text with the content of the annex and the need for more specific modifications.
The Committee accepts all the contributions of Mr. Kosh, Committee of Parliament and Rapporteur, which are contained in various amendments, including in particular four.
We therefore accept the four amendments proposed.
The debate has ended.
The voting will be held at 12 p.m.
Structural Fund - Coordination Fund
The following project is the presentation by Mrs. Schroedter on behalf of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission on communication in the area of the structural fund and its coordination with the Solidarity Fund: Programme Guidance for the period 2000-2006 [COM (1999)344 - C5-0122/1999-1999-1999-1999-1999-1999-1999-1999-1999-1999/2127 (COS)].
I particularly ask me, Mr. President, to make the first statement in the European Parliament on the most important issue of the United Kingdom, which I represent in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
As you know, the status of Goal 1 has been given under the structural fund programme.
It is very clear that, in Wales, many people are seeking the European Structural Fund programme to alleviate some of the enormous difficulties we face.
We see the growing poverty in Wales, which has continued to grow further since 1997. We see the widening gap between rich and poor.
We therefore look forward to seeing industrial restructuring not only within the structural fund programme but also the overall improvement of the public economy.
However, for us, it is deeply devastated that, to some extent, the provision of assistance to the structural fund is a problem for the success of the Government.
It is sad that there is recognition of the very difficulties that we face.
I would therefore like to emphasize that I believe that the Commission must be at the forefront.
We look forward to the Committee addressing additional issues.
We feel dissatisfaction that these figures appear to be hidden to some extent in United Kingdom figures.
We expect the Committee to also ensure funding for the project.
We expect it to challenge the Government of the United Kingdom to ensure that the private sector can provide a major impetus for structural fund expenditures and participate in the planning phase.
Finally, we call on the Committee to ensure that institutional funds are used in a transparent manner.
There are many things not transparent in this Parliament.
This is what I think the Commission can be a very great friend in Wales.
We, Mr. President, have seen these issues very differently, beginning with my statement from the perspective of the study.
We believe that this is a very positive sign that, in her own conclusions, the Rapporteur has taken into account the recommendation of our Committee that the countries of the Solidarity Fund should expand their research infrastructure so that universities and colleges can better serve those living in undeveloped countries and make education more accessible to those who are educated to remain in their homes.
This would enable the Government to take action to decentralization of higher education and would be a useful policy for development.
Another issue that we wish to address in particular in the context of industrial policy is that we hope that the Commission will pay more attention to the impact of services, e-commerce and the growing use of the Internet, as they are planning the coordination of the structural funds and common funds.
Poverty and wealth are used to rely more on means of livelihood.
The rich areas are industrial work, but today they are likely to be a burden, which means that we must invest in new industrial sectors, such as electronic production, and I may call for and produce services, as they are future industries.
I think that the Drafting Committee does not fully take this into account, and I wish, on behalf of the Industrial, Foreign Trade, Research and Energy Commission, to bring this matter to the attention of the Committee.
Finally, as a committee on behalf of energy, we hope that the issue of supporting renewable energy from the Solidarity and Regional Development Fund remains even more prominent and that the use of renewable energy through the coordination process will increase the use of renewable energy so that the scarce financing of energy programmes can be compensated by these larger funds.
I am very grateful to Mrs. Schroedter for her work in this regard, Mr. President, and to the colleagues for explaining that I made a statement to my colleague Mrs Flautre, who then addressed the Committee of the Ministry of Employment and Social Affairs, but unfortunately.
I would like to draw attention to amendments Nos. 1 and 2 agreed by the Committee of the Ministry of Employment and Social Affairs, but the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism has not yet been accepted.
These amendments relate to socio-economic conditions that require social venture capital and support local development employment opportunities and plans to strengthen social cohesion.
In the past, the Parliament has seen socio-economic as an important potential for employment.
These amendments are also in line with the parliamentary view that social exclusion is a serious problem requiring constructive action.
We hope that those who consider refusing these amendments will have a very strong reason for providing the Parliament and its citizens seeking employment.
In her report, Mrs. Flautre also drew attention to areas where coordination was lacking, but urgent.
The Commission's proposal referred to the four pillars of the employment strategy and five areas of action of the European Social Fund.
However, the lack of specific guidelines was particularly regrettable as the vision of linking the assistance of the Social Fund to employment strategies would be implemented for the first time during the programme period 2000-2006.
It can be said that this omission left the impression that the Commission did not want to provide the greatest coordination between the European Social Fund's assistance, which was reviewed after three and a half years and the annual employment plan of Member States.
We hope that the Commission will be able to assure us that it is currently being constructively addressed.
The Secretary-General's proposal under the mandate of the Committee is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
However, I would like to point out that this starting point shows the challenges that we face: in the light of the growing lack of agricultural production of income sources for rural societies, changes have occurred in various economic activities to sustain the population in rural areas.
This, as well as the shortcomings in infrastructure and service networks and the generally low level of employment, are seasonal and lack of diversity, exacerbating outflows in rural areas.
Their consequences do not result in hope.
Young people are disappointed that their education and work outside rural areas have a negative impact on these areas.
This lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to building companies and creating jobs.
We must remember that rural areas account for almost five quarters of the European Union territory.
Agriculture is only 5.5 per cent of the European Union.
In addition, three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and need to supplement their income.
For that reason, one of the most important and most important goals that we should establish in the European Union is to work to create new jobs in rural areas outside the agricultural sector, such as rural tourism, sports, culture, inheritance protection, business conversion, new technologies, services, etc.
However, while the role of agriculture is not exclusive, it is necessary not only to prevent economic and social disruption, but also to establish host cities, but also because farmers play a fundamental role in managing land, preserving biodiversity and protecting the environment.
We therefore support the development of agricultural and rural development policies that meet our goals. We hope that, at the beginning of the twenty-first century, rural areas are competitive and multifunctional, whether in agriculture, or in terms of the diversity of open non-agricultural activities.
It is important that the general criteria for land planning and population balance must be developed in advance, bearing in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on five basic issues, which are only dealt with by the Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism Commission in parts 16 and 17.
Finally, I invite the Committee to take these five points into account when it reached conclusions on the four pillars, as I believe that the maintenance of the population in rural areas must be one of the priority objectives for the European Union.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to thank Mrs. Sholot, Rapporteur for his work. I think that this work has been very smooth.
I would also like to thank her for her willingness to engage in dialogue with other political groups, as in the face of this amendment, there is a need for compromise programmes, perhaps more than we expect, which indeed reflects the importance of the report that we are discussing.
We believe that the Committee must take into account, at least in a spirit, the conclusions adopted by the current Parliament, since at this stage we are doing here seem to be unused and, whatever heat.
Although we believe that this is also what we have done in drafting conclusions, the Committee must take into account the situation adopted by the current Parliament, in particular when these instructions are provisionally revised.
In our amendments, we note the importance of establishing the necessary synergies among structural funds, solidarity funds and community initiatives in order to reflect their applications in the best and most favourable manner, to gradually eliminate disparities among regions and to create jobs, such as saying and completing, for the two main purposes of the funds we have discussed.
In order to achieve these goals more rapidly and effectively, we believe that the creation of jobs, genuine entrepreneurs and those who truly guarantee new sources of employment must be involved.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, most importantly, must be involved in the allocation of these funds.
If they do not feel marginalized, and if entrepreneurs are not involved in management, and they are accepted, we will lose the opportunity to achieve our goals more quickly.
Moreover, in order to achieve our objectives, overcoming gaps and finding employment sources in all regions, it is crucial that we fully support new technologies, transport and communications networks and renewable energy.
All of this must be done — I repeat — with the participation of private businesses, by working together with the public administration, but by supplementing them and by no impediment or exclusion, which will lead to the creation of wealth and employment in society.
I have the responsibility to remind my colleagues, Mr. Evan, why we have actually achieved the status of Goal 1. It is because of its own policy of non-recognition of the contracting parties.
I would also like to remind him that, when Mr. The Hague of his party leader is Secretary of State of Wales, he breaks every rule in his additional submissions, leading to a letter from the Commissioner, Wulf-Mathies on management requests.
I can inform you that the British Government is aware of its additional requirements for Goal 1.
I recommend that Mr. Evan should return to the regulations and read them.
My group has made extensive amendments to the two reports of today's debate.
I would like to highlight our views on the fundamental role of the norms. The objective is to provide a framework and tool to support and strengthen economic recovery and make the most efficient use of resources to enable those regions to return to the path of recovery and sustainable development in order to ultimately emerge from regional life support machines.
The skills and potential of our region in the technical sector must be identified. In view of media coverage, Europe is rapidly losing the United States of the future technological growth industry.
The operation of the first round of programmes has also been very instructive to us that there should be no guidelines.
They should not generate additional bureaucratic and confusion. Priority and policies should not be shifted to project development, resulting in unavoidable delays and shortcomings, particularly in view of new budgetary requirements.
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot allow the Committee or the civil service to interpret the individual of a or other competent officer.
The Director of the Commission must have internal coherence while respecting the specific local and regional dimensions of the Commission's programmes.
It is concluded that we must make the guidelines widely, symbolic and flexible examples to help our programme managers and fund providers and maximize the potential of our new areas of recovery.
If we can inculcate the spirit of business activity to our poor and structurally weak regions, we will ultimately return to the path of attracting the confidence of a large number of investors, which will be key to success in the future.
This is how we judge the success of these norms: whether the EU regional policy has good, robust and favourable norms that can open new opportunities for our poor and structural regions to play their full role in promoting growth and prosperity in the EU.
I would like to thank Mrs. Sholod for her excellent report, Mr. President.
She participated in this issue in depth and took into account the many amendments made to the report in the Committee debate.
The Special Rapporteur also rightly notes that the Parliament did not listen to the relevant guidelines in a timely manner.
We are now lagging behind on this issue.
However, it is hoped that Parliament will help in the midterm evaluation of the programme and its practical implementation.
At that time, the report grew too large when the debate was held.
It contains details and questions already raised in previous reports.
At this stage, it is important to focus more on how we use this process to guide the European Union's regional policy, bearing in mind the goal of reducing regional inequality.
We underline the importance of the principle of affiliation, the responsibility of Member States and the role of local actors in the formulation and implementation of programmes.
Small and medium-sized enterprises involved in the planning and implementation of programmes are particularly important.
We also believe that greater consideration must be given to remote areas and beyond, and we hope to strengthen interactions between rural and urban areas.
We reject the excessive control of the Central Administration of the European Union and its Member States, and we call for cuts in bureaucraticism in the formulation and implementation of programmes.
Projects implemented with the support of the European Union are often reduced by slow decision-making and complex administrative procedures.
Funding is often provided for projects that have no lasting interest in the region concerned.
More efficient and flexible projects must be carried out and benefits must be improved.
Although the report is being prepared, it is interesting to discuss regional policies throughout the European Union.
This is the first time for our new members, a very interesting process.
This report is very good, and our Group supports it.
Mr. Commissioner confirmed that the Parliament had not overcome its role as a consultative and subsidiary body and that an excellent report of a member of my group, Elisabeth Schroedter, was not able to attend the plenary meetings, as the regional development plan for Goal 1 for the period 2000-2006 had been held in several months at the Commission's office.
Taking this into account, the House of Commons should, in any event, be requested to study and submit debates in Parliament, in accordance with the guidelines that we propose today, before the approval of the Community Support Framework for the period concerned. This is because we believe that they are particularly able to create jobs in the poorest and least developed regions, and therefore we will help to reverse the harmful trend of inequalities in the European society and move towards a more just Europe.
We should not forget, Mr. President, the main objective of structural and solidarity funds and their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion.
We are obliged to engage in drafting instructions and to assess their results.
We are obliged to do so because we are representatives of European citizens, not just in Europe and in the region.
We believe that the Fund is a necessary condition for economic and social cohesion, but not sufficient.
We may wrongly use per capita gross domestic product as the only indicator.
Some speakers referred to unemployment and declining population.
We must study indicators so that we can see the current situation of regional societies worse than others and that they are changing.
From today's report to the plenary of the Parliament, 25 of the most prosperous regions in Europe are under five times higher than 25 most prosperous regions.
This fact means that the European Parliament, the Commissioner and the Commission must take decisive and strategic action.
I agree that the European Parliament does not have the opportunity to discuss these instructions without giving us the opportunity to end the term of office of Parliament.
However, I do not think that the report is too late.
We must consider together so that the new Goal 1 programme and regional development plans can be drafted before the directives enter into force and can be submitted for revisions and appropriate assessments.
We all agree that we should ask that the Parliament should play an equally influential role when assessing instructions, as we are citizens.
Our citizens cannot accept and the European Union decides in a way that is at least bureaucratic.
They need to see the political dimension of their work, and believe that officials are accountable and linked to citizens.
This is today presented to the Commissioner.
I think that, in view of his previous experience as President of the region, he will agree on indicators and strategies, which will contribute to economic and social cohesion rather than merely increase productivity.
I support, Mr. President, the main recommendations of the report on the management of the Fund and the Common Fund for the period 2000-2006, as well as the main recommendations of the report, including the following recommendation that a comprehensive approach be taken to address expenditures of the European Union Structural and Solidarity Fund. This means that local authorities must establish a comprehensive partnership with Governments on the use of these funds.
Member States are urged to pay greater attention to the integrated strategy to revitalize the relationship between rural and urban areas. The latter point is particularly important.
Although urban rehabilitation is a very important city, we must always be balanced in our policies to promote rural development and improve the lives of urban residents. We do not want to establish a single European city.
The Structural Fund plays a key role in the development of cities and rural areas in neighbouring countries, notably through improved roads, water treatment and related transport networks.
This process will continue to be guided by the financial expenditure guidelines developed by EU leaders at the Berlin Summit last year, which are supported by Parliament at the last plenary meeting last May.
The important EU programmes between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 certainly contribute to increasing economic competitiveness in neighbouring countries and in Europe Goal 1 region.
It is now crucial to consolidate and permanently achieve progress to date. This will ensure that the neighbouring countries and the poorer regions of Europe are functioning successfully in an increasingly expanding internal market where goods, persons, services and capital are free of movement.
Finally, while the European Regional Development Fund and the Solidarity Fund have supported key infrastructure projects, we should remember that the European Social Fund has played a very important role in helping us gain in society.
The Social Fund has certainly improved our three-tier institutions to fund our post-retirement certificate programme and has developed a comprehensive plan to help young people and long-term unemployed, assist early school probationers and promote the improvement of adult literacy standards.
I have repeatedly disagreed with the Rapporteur on regional policy issues, Mr. President. However, I actually agree with her views.
I cannot say that this would encourage her to continue to move along the same path. However, I would like to commend her work.
The second point I would like to point out is that if we and Mrs. McKi, as Rapporteur of the general regulations, join the regulations in the form of annexes, we would have preferred.
Unfortunately, this does not happen. Mr. Benini did not accuse that because it was the former Commission.
I have just raised this issue and reiterate the position of Parliament.
Thirdly, we broadly agree with the general guidelines, but they do not depart from our comments to date.
They particularly benefit Member States, and I would like to draw your attention to the Committee's emphasis on sustainable development, employment creation, in particular equal opportunities and transport.
I have at least fully endorsed the guidelines.
However, as a island, I would like to express dissatisfaction with the lack of awareness about the development of the island.
This is not the first time to consider this issue. This is a five-year member of this Parliament, and I again raise this issue.
The Commissioner, we will continue to raise this issue in accordance with article 158, paragraph 1, of the Amsterdam Treaty to develop integrated policies for the islands.
The Commission should therefore address this issue once and for all.
Now is the time to implement these programmes, Member States should also assume their responsibilities and perform their functions properly.
As for our Parliament, I would like to remind you of the code of conduct signed by the Committee and Parliament in May.
I am absolutely convinced that this code will be respected and that Parliament will keep all developments and details on the implementation of the programme.
Mr. President, let me begin by congratulating Mrs. Sholod for this minute.
I know that much has been done, but she has indeed earned our commendation and is particularly open to the parties' recommendations, and I believe that this is a high-quality report that we have seen today.
I am also regretting that the Parliament has been involved in the day of these guidelines, since the process of negotiations with the states has been advanced and I cannot see that this report has some direct effect, and I think it is a illusion.
I therefore feel that we must look forward to the future and develop guidelines for the midterm review in 2003, thereby influencing the second phase of programming beyond 2003.
In short, I would like to say that we are going into this period when we are asked to manage the programme for 2000-2006, since we face two major challenges, which must not be routine.
The first is the erosion of national development policies and regional development policies.
In the absence of infrastructure and public services, subsidies are inadequate to ensure development.
We must ask ourselves how we can ensure that the policy of the European Union interacts with regional development policies?
The second challenge is to expand, which will, of course, have considerable impact on both budgetary and geographical aspects.
This is an invitation to the Commissioner to establish and involve him in two areas of action.
Finally, at the time of natural disasters, I would like to mention the use of the structural funds.
As you know, each country must reallocate part of the total allocation.
Europe should not be completely non-existent, as States often wish.
The public opinion and the press are now unable to respond, although we will provide significant funding for national action.
I think that we should be able to say that voice and clarity.
I also believe that we should ensure or require Member States to ensure that European assistance receives some publicity as long as it is used to repair the damage caused by natural disasters or accidents.
The importance attached to financial and monetary standards, Mr. President, has strengthened the increase in various forms and forms of inequality.
For French planning experts, for example, the most predictable situation today is the consolidation of regional disparities in each country.
It is good that the structural funds help to implement this process.
A European project aimed at meeting social needs envisages aligning living conditions with the highest common points. Its implementation certainly requires the expansion of the scope of the redistribution instruments, such as the Structural Fund.
We make specific recommendations for the harmonization of capital taxes, which will increase funds to support the erosion of social protection systems and reduce working hours at the European level.
However, while the Commission must issue guidelines, it is not willing and vague.
The report today reconfirms the place of the political sphere. This is a step towards developing employment and sustainable development policies.
That is what we advocate for vote.
I would also like to congratulate the Rapporteur on his excellent work.
In the coming years, in the face of the challenges of globalization and expansion in the east, Europe needs to be more than ever the appropriate guidance on how to plan and revitalize its economies.
To that end, all available resources and capacities, including structural funds, must be used individually by all European and every Member State.
To do so, our needs from the European Commission are not only good, but clear guidelines and firm commitment to monitoring the way Member States use those resources.
For example, in recent years, Italy has experienced problems with the use of structural funds, mainly due to excessive bureaucratic, inadequate information and lack of participation by local economic and social operators.
I would therefore like to draw the attention of the Committee on two issues.
First, we need to make the fullest possible use of consultations as a means to ensure that all local and regional operators are properly coordinated and involved in decision-making, in order to avoid imbalances and inequality. Secondly, real efforts are needed to make administrative procedures simple and more transparent, as they tend to be too lengthy and complex and hinder access to funds.
This is the case for small and medium-sized enterprises in Europe, in particular, often complaining.
Finally, Mr. President, I said that the Committee had not focused its attention on the Territory's compacts, in particular the way to address the issue of women and youth unemployment, which was of great concern.
Like my colleague Mr. Evan, I am particularly pleased to be particularly happy with this very important issue, particularly since I are part of the United Kingdom, where I have been funded under Goal 2.
However, the report before the House of Representatives to the night is not very careful, and we can have a very great vision because the lack of material makes these ideas relevant to those directly benefiting.
The report itself is good, but we often lack a clear and viable basis when we address these issues.
As a result, I and my Group propose three key changes and additions to the text, which are not removed from the proposal, but are more relevant to those who have guidance.
I would like to explain here our idea.
First, we are concerned about the appropriate use of structures and solidarity funds.
The past experience has determined that, as an elected representative of the European taxpayer, we should indeed have to require financial and transparency in the disbursements and audits of this fund, and therefore our amendments and addition relate to the known value of achieving monetary indicators in the grant process.
Secondly, we often see that a large number of funds are used for projects that are necessarily unclear at the beginning of the programme.
However, in the medium term or at the end of the period, it would not be effective to terminate if the project was not successful.
We therefore also request a real implementation exit strategy so that it can not only afford the necessary insurance for the continuing costs of taxpayers, but we have also avoided the provision of good funds after mixed.
Finally, we call for a change in the balance of payments and methods of funding.
The private sector should be more involved in making financial realities a financing point.
In addition, the types of project funds need to shift from small-scale income projects that are difficult to monitor to capital plans and, in most cases, all can see benefits.
Thus, the local tax base in the countries of these projects will be reduced, and the European Parliament will indicate the need for careful treatment of such reforms.
If this change is to be supported by the House of Representatives today, I believe that they will move to us at the next stage to achieve the historic objective of determining the funding, namely, to help those who need to meet decent living standards in a financial and sustainable manner, rather than to provide hand, but to provide a position.
I urge the House to support these changes.
I would also like to commend the Rapporteur, Mr. President, for her report, a good and substantive work.
The structure of the European Union and the policy of convergence are undoubtedly essential tools for creating appropriate conditions to address and reduce economic and social disparities among regions. Despite the steps taken so far, these levels remain very high and unemployment remains unacceptable.
These policy objectives can only be carefully coordinated and organized on the basis of carefully designed and informed guidelines.
Let us not forget that, when these policies are effective, they also benefit European citizens by directly improving their quality of life.
Let us not forget that more consideration should be given to the islands and remote areas of the European Union, which are geographically hampering their economic and social development, unless the Commission intends to establish bridges or tunnels that are linked to the European continent.
Finally, I would like to point out that overall structural policies require greater flexibility in order to adapt to changing circumstances so that new challenges and opportunities in the new millennium will be met, and we all hope that this new millennium will best be best.
Mrs. Zrodt's report undoubtedly contains a number of important comments, and I would like to congratulate her on that. However, I feel that we should be concerned about the practical direction and results of the regional policy of the Community.
In short, structural policies do not in any way alleviate the problem of large-scale unemployment, but add to this problem.
The agricultural economy and the agricultural region are devastated by existing regional policies, which affect the level of employment in rural areas and the living conditions of farmers, particularly in the South.
Regional disparities are becoming increasingly evident within Member States.
If we review the data provided in the sixth periodic report, we will see a surge in regional disparities over the past decade.
There is little consideration of the enormous problems faced by the Alliance's island area, as the shortcomings in the Alliance's island structure, transport, communications and energy have resulted in its gradual disappearing.
The economic and social policies of the African Union are only responsible for their regional policies.
A large part of the Alliance's population strongly condemns this dangerous and negative policy.
Unfortunately, the new guidelines appear to evolve in the same direction and there is no indication that the situation will change once they are implemented.
I would like to say a few words, Mr. President, to highlight two points raised in these reports, which are crucial to the way we see.
The first issue is the fundamental and central importance that we continue to pursue the principles of economic and social cohesion.
We are concerned about the information that the Committee is making to achieve that goal.
We continue to feel that economic and social cohesion is one of the fundamental objectives of the European Union.
Secondly, I agree with what has been said on the island, and I would also like to draw the attention of the most remote regions.
In the future, we would like to see a greater ambition to this issue in the most remote areas of my country, Asho and Madeira.
I would like to ask whether the Committee can explain the reasons for the delay in the Committee's report on the most remote areas, as Parliament has expected it?
At the outset, I would like to thank the Rapporteur, Mr. President, for having at least ready to incorporate our recommendations in the report.
The purpose of these guidelines, Mr. President, is to help Member States to achieve the objectives of the reforms contained in the programme.
However, contrary to their requests for guidance, the Commission's recommendations in this regard focus largely on the catalogue of possible measures in various policy areas.
However, its real purpose is to provide guidance and identify priorities.
I agree with the view of the Rapporteur that, unfortunately, the Commission's documents have few proposals for streamlining administration among Member States, and I support the call for a focus on promoting a climate conducive to labour-intensive, small and medium-sized enterprises, identifying clear objectives for alternative sources of finance, including provisions on venture capital and private financing, and providing start-up assistance to companies, including in the area of new information and innovation.
I particularly endorse the amendment proposed by my Group to paragraph 10 to ensure that the private sector participates in the planning and implementation of the project.
I am very grateful to Mrs. Sholot for having actually included the proposed amendment in the attached part of your active consideration.
Mr. President, in the Ministry of Employment and Social Affairs, we unanimously advocate that it is strategic and prioritized to support structural and solidarity fund interventions that are creating better opportunities for unemployed persons and women.
Unfortunately, the excellent Sholot report does not take into account this criterion, although there is a large number of evidence that, as we have seen in the Burns report later, it is in fact how these funds provide condoned assistance to the most developed regions in order to bridge the symptoms of separation from the most developed regions of Europe.
They are increasing but only in terms of gross domestic product.
They are improving competitiveness, but not all wealth has increased, since employment has not increased and employment opportunities are still different in the region.
The Commissioner invited the Ministry of Employment and Social Affairs to read as a matter of priority, as this is the biggest problem for our citizens.
In terms of strategy, please take into account the employment needs in the context of the revision and distribution of reservations, which are essentially required by the structural funds and the Common Fund.
It is important, Mr. President, that the guidelines be developed in the right direction and that the effectiveness of the key seven-year programme for the period 2000-2006 be assured to ensure sustainable development and employment creation, especially women and young people, and to ensure a balance between economic and social policies and regional policies.
It is particularly important to address serious problems such as urban areas, employment in rural areas, assistance to agricultural areas and equal development opportunities for the islands of the European Union and the Greek islands, which, of course, include half of the European Union's islands under article 158 of the Treaty.
There is a need to further strengthen the policy of convergence because a Europe that fully ignores its regional standard of living cannot be reliable or viable.
Allow me to express, Sir, my great interest in listening carefully to your comments, occasional criticism and recommendations on the report of Mrs. Sholodt.
As the representative of the Committee, Mrs. Schroedter, Ms. Leu and thinkers, for the reasons and time constraints involved — I should now return to that point — both time and delay, since we are discussing the rights of the report, as I think that the report was published at the time of the 2008-2006 guidelines, since we are now beginning to prepare new regional programmes.
Mrs. Schroedter was right to note that, while the European Union's common funding requirements for the programme were determined primarily by Member States and regions, and should consider the debate and approval of community priorities in the House of Commons in order to promote the many strong economic and social dimensions of this community.
As a result, before you, Mrs. Sholod and the members of the House of Commons have made the main comments and criticisms, I would like to return to the role and structure of the guidelines at this time.
With regard to the role and structure of these guidelines, Mr. Hadtzidakis, Mrs. Schroedter and Mrs. McCarthy mentioned that they were intended to assist national and regional authorities in developing programme strategies for each structural fund target 1, 2 and 3 and their linkages with the Solidarity Fund.
This means giving priority to the Commission's priorities in line with past experience in the implementation of the programme and the current community policies related to structural operations.
The goal is that these priorities should contribute to better use of the best and efficient use, as you wish, including Mr. Bradburg, and, where necessary, to make use of performance reserves aimed at encouraging optimal and efficient use of European bus.
When I talk about the best use, I am referring to the national and regional levels. I would therefore like to refer here to Mr. Seplain Sønn, who spoke at the country level and linked to the Solidarity Fund.
This is the purpose of these guidelines.
With regard to their content, as you know, the house's grief and family members have focused on the three strategic priorities that you are very clearly mentioned by your Rapporteur, but I am very pleased to understand what she has just made.
The first priority is to increase the competitiveness of the regional economy in order to create the most serious, valuable and long-term jobs, regional economies, and competitiveness of all regional economies, in particular Mr. Evans of Wales, rather than Wales, in all sectors, especially the private sector.
Moreover, as some of you have just pointed out that you do not seem to be doing, I have also increased the European regional economy, far from centres, who are remote regions, island areas, of course the most distant areas.
Perhaps I could brief Mr. Ribeiro e Castro, who asked me to understand this point, that, as I write to every President in these most remote areas, the Committee did request for an extension of weeks before the publication of the expected report.
With regard to the most remote regions, we have received only a memorandum from Governments, but this is not a pretext for interpretation.
Therefore, we must consider these memorandums and produce extremely thorough work.
On 23 November, I participated in the conference in the most remote areas, in the College, and we believe that we need a few weeks of time to prepare a report that would properly address extreme problems and meet the expectations of those most remote areas. I would like to thank you for your understanding on this issue.
It is therefore the first priority of the regional economy.
A number of you have placed particular emphasis on Mr. Plaina, but others are not saying that I have referred to these priorities in any priority order, which is to strengthen social cohesion and employment, in particular to raise the profile of human resources far beyond the past.
We now have a European Union to consider that there is little difference between countries and to demonstrate the effectiveness and value of the Solidarity Fund, but, as you have done, Mrs. Schroedter, there is a growing gap between 15 or 20 poorest regions and 15 or 20 most poor or disadvantaged areas. This is the case because it should be unjustifiable and intolerant.
For my part, and taking into account my own concept of building European and regional development policies, which I feel unacceptable, I intend, with your support, to remove as much as possible all the funds that I am responsible for this improvement in social, human and territorial cohesion, in particular the prevention of what I referred to as a win-win Europe in this building, which is a rich region, but at the same time a European region of poverty.
The third goal is to achieve rural and urban development within a balanced territorial policy. In fact, the guidelines take into account two horizontal principles.
The first is rural development, and I would like to say that I is Mrs. Scholt, including rural development, and I have been personally involved in this issue in the long term. I recall in particular my country as Minister of the Environment.
The second principle is equal opportunities, particularly for women and men, and the European Employment Strategy and the Economic and Monetary Union.
Finally, in order to respond to the concerns expressed in these guidelines by you at this House, in particular by Mrs. Schroedter, personally, we recall the importance and definition of integrated strategies, development or redevelopment, all priorities provide the greatest opportunity for synergies, measures taken and partnerships for decentralization. You expressed concern about the possibility of seeing this partnership, but the Guide, page 5, explicitly referred to it.
However, I would like to point out that, since you have asked me to do so, regional managers within my country can best feel comfortable. On the ground, it is a tool for engaging local talents in the public sector, namely, elected representatives, the social and educational sectors, associations or the private sector; decentralized partnerships; In that regard, I would like to mention that, with regard to Mrs. Agag Hdi, the Territory Compact is a means available to distract partnerships.
These are why guidelines are based on thematic priorities, since they must be considered within each objective in accordance with the specific circumstances of each Member State and region.
I would now like to briefly respond to some of you's comments, sadness and extortion, first of all with regard to procedural matters.
Indeed, consultations with the Parliament have only taken place late.
Allow me to remind you that, when the Committee adopted guidelines in the form of the draft in February 1999, it is based on new procedures aimed at making my predecessor, Mrs. Valentov-Masso, more vulnerable to comment on this text, they have promptly commented to Parliament.
However, since the elections of the European Parliament are currently under way, Parliament has not been able to review these guidelines until the final text was adopted in July 1999.
In this Chamber, you and all assured you that, in the course of negotiations on a programme that had just begun, Mr. Hetzidaki asked me to ask this issue and, for Member States, your views would certainly be taken into account.
In addition, allow me to assure you that when the Commission adopts the guidelines for the midterm review in accordance with the regulations, it will also take into account the views of the House as described in the present report.
It is now so. With regard to the role of the guidelines, Mrs. Heller noted that guidelines for some European objectives should be provided, often very precise.
I should not include them in the list, but rather in the implementation of intersectoral policies to enhance the efficiency of the use of public funds and to assist partners in the development of regional or national programming.
The Committee took note of these guidelines, but some of them were relevant to other documents, such as the Guide to Structural Reform or the Working Group on Methods.
Finally, let me focus on some of the challenges that you have reiterated.
For example, I believe that these guidelines are not specific in the recommendations.
This claims that your report must be seen in the course of last spring negotiations.
The Committee retains the practical text of article 10 of the Structural Fund Regulations, which provides that the purpose of these guidelines is to provide Member States with extensive indicative guidelines on relevant and agreed community policies. I have in fact cited the text itself, which is on the threshold.
In addition, these guidelines should not replace programming or previous assessments, which must be a tool to identify priorities and the effectiveness of those programmes.
Later, you referred to Mrs. Schroedter, a section on guidelines for cities and rural development, noting that urban development is not fully considered.
I have found that this is contrary. I wish to acknowledge that the Committee attaches great importance to the urban dimension of our policy.
In practice, I have recently been given the opportunity to address all ministers responsible for urban policy at the Tampere Conference.
With regard to rural development, many of you, in particular Mrs. Redondo Jiménez, are in line with the dual objectives mentioned by your Rapporteur: a strong agricultural sector, related to improving competitiveness in rural areas, while protecting the environment and European rural heritage.
However, it must be emphasized that the guidelines discussed relate only to the Structural Fund, whose objectives 1 and 2 give priority to rural social diversification.
Indeed, with regard to rural social balance, let us not forget that the new rural development policy, co-financed by the Australian Government Foundation, is aimed at promoting European agricultural reform and supporting the multiple functional aspects of agriculture.
At this stage, I would just like to say that I would like to incorporate it into programming in Goal 2 rural areas in order to achieve Goal 1 region.
In any case, I appreciate your vigilance in this regard by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Before concluding, I should like to inform Mr. Sadsov that we will hold a special debate on the consequences of the storms in France, Austria and Germany tomorrow, in particular in the past few weeks, we should discuss again with my Commissioner, Mrs. Depassi, the lessons that we may draw on in oil spills, which also affect the French coast.
Therefore, if you are permitted, I have the right to submit to you their views, which is largely in line with your own recommendations on what we have taken to fight the oil spill.
I would like to remind you that the Committee will approve two regional plans in France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg tomorrow. We will then have appropriate work tools, particularly in most of the areas affected by storms.
In fact, I have reason to visit France personally after tomorrow, which is severely damaged by storms.
Finally, as you understand, Mr. President, I would like to thank Mrs. Scholent for his work and for the work of the Committee, and to inform you that I am very pleased that there are differences in addition to our assessment of the role of these guidelines. We discussed this issue and I tried to clarify my point of view.
I am very pleased to see the level of support that you have provided to the Committee, which has been submitted to Member States when establishing their own programmes.
This can only be based on some of the good practices elements of our current 1994-1999 programme experience. I feel that this is a good sign of effective cooperation between our two bodies, when programming is under way for the period 2000-2006, a good joint approach, namely Mr. Hadtzidakis, and I am very concerned about compliance with the code of conduct governing our contacts.
The debate has ended.
The voting will be held at 12 p.m.
Social and economic development in the African Union region
The next item was the debate of Mr. Berend on behalf of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission on the sixth periodic report of the European Union on the social and economic situation and development issues in all regions (SEC(99) 0066-C5-0120/99-1999).
The sixth periodic report on the social and economic conditions and development of the regions of the European Union was a milestone in the analysis of regional data, highlighting progress made in this regard since the fifth periodic report.
However, I believe that any real convergence of reference to the level of regional development in Europe is a simple idea of the situation, which is often the message of the press and some speeches.
This observation was generally recharacted in the Committee's report, particularly when it referred to the socio-economic situation of certain parts of the Alliance with Special Interests, I refer to the French Overseas Territories, more generally speaking in the most remote areas.
In that regard, I am pleased that the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission has adopted an amendment to me requesting that the Commission devote in its next report to a chapter that is consistent with specific cases in the most remote regions, taking into account, more specifically, the implications of the measures to be taken in the new article 299 (2) of the Amsterdam Treaty.
Finally, I believe that the sixth periodic report presents an interesting argument on a real project for European balance in sustainable development, in particular outlining the importance of the central region of Europe's relationship with its remote areas.
Even if the Committee remains reluctant to speak in a very clear manner, its periodic report indicates the urgent need to promote the development of regional centres in the Community, within the context of the European Union's structural policy.
The current President of the European Socialist Party agreed with the report that Mr. Berend had just introduced and congratulated the author on the quality and flexibility of its conclusions and to ensure that the various groups could incorporate amendments into the Commission.
It must be remembered that the current overall competitiveness of the European Union is generally 81 per cent of the United States of America, and that this figure will be improved if we have a competitive unit, the region. In addition, when technology development, economic globalization and our problems are expanding and single currencies, this requires greater efforts by regions and businesses and individuals to make them competitive.
The sixth report of the European Commission presented very valuable conclusions.
I will summarize the two highlighted by the Rapporteur, which is positive and negative.
The first issue is that significant progress has been made throughout the Alliance region and social cohesion, and the Community Fund has been a major factor in reducing regional inequality, although not decisive.
The negative conclusion was that the enormous efforts made to undermine gross domestic product (GDP) and productivity in the European region were less favourable than the unemployment rate.
It is therefore necessary to link structural financing more closely with job creation.
The Commissioner is the first command during the coming period.
I therefore invite me, Mr. President, to join my fellows in approving the report, and invite the Committee to take fully into account the conclusions of its sixth periodic report, as they deal with the programme for the period 2000-2006.
At the outset, Mr. President, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for his excellent work and to give due consideration to the proposed amendment, which is being dismantled by the Committee.
The sixth periodic report provides the basis for assessing the implementation of the European Union regional policy objectives.
The report shows that, despite our efforts, growth is uneven.
Rapid growth in Central Europe.
The largest regional centres have also continued to grow faster than Europe, and many South Europe and the northern regions are developing faster.
We now need to analyse in depth why regional policies will not yield expected results.
This is due to interregional differences, long-range, too cold or too hot climate, scarce populations and inadequate conditions?
How can the Alliance address the challenges of global development so that less developed regions can continue to be part of development?
It must also be found that the expansion of the alliance will be a structural fund and the development of more remote areas in the European Union.
Member States must also bear in mind their responsibilities.
Several Member States have violated the principle of annexation and have reduced national regional funds through regional assistance provided by the Alliance.
This undermines the result of regional policies.
In the future, we must also set indicators to take measures in due course.
For example, unregulated migration has not been adequately considered.
In that regard, attention must also be given to the decisive importance of small and medium-sized enterprises as employers and forces for regional development.
It is absolutely essential that companies in the area of development adopt more slowly the latest technologies and expertise.
We are in favour of the adoption of the report.
The President, the Commissioner and the European Union regional policy have so far been unable to explain the existing differences in the income of our inhabitants in any way.
The grave situation today in the European Union demonstrates that there is a real link between unemployment and poverty, a very disturbing fact that in the most affected areas the unemployment rate is 23.7 per cent, and in the area of poverty, while the unemployment rate in 25 areas is lowest, with unemployment rate of only 4 per cent compared to the rich region.
In the light of this, the report approved by Parliament must emphasize the need for clear measures to combat relative poverty and unemployment: measures to make appropriate use of structural funds for these purposes, which are often disrupted and modernized national policies and telecommunications systems, in particular the integration of least developed countries into the Trans-Europe Railway network due in 2007.
Measures should also be taken to respect and develop the resources and capacities of these countries' agriculture and fisheries, which are often undermined by the European Union's own sensitive policies and to promote positive policies for employment creation, in particular women and youth.
Only decisive measures can we overcome social and regional inequalities, which are not inherently flawed historical products, but rather the adverse effects of marginalization and economic policies.
Mr. Belen's report is in full compliance with the strategy established by the European Commission, as the issue of competitiveness will be given rights.
Structural funds, such as job creation, promotion of equal opportunities, employment and sustainability in development, are only mentioned later.
This attitude seems unreasonable. I would also like to call for greater attention to these issues in the seventh periodic report.
This is not to say that I do not believe it necessary to increase competitiveness, particularly since I themselves are a entrepreneurship in Goal 1 area, which is in Brandenburg, Federal Republic of Germany, and is only clear about the problems and concerns of SMEs.
It is absolutely essential that parallel temporary measures be taken in Goal 1 areas, namely, job creation measures, special programmes supporting women's employment opportunities and initiatives to help build their own businesses.
They are supported by the European Union's appropriate structural fund activities.
Support for corporate competitiveness alone will not be able to compensate for the cohesion envisaged between economic and social development, simply because there is no reason to support self-support in those areas.
After all, economic development alone does not help to eliminate unemployment, which demonstrates that at least 3 per cent of gross domestic product must be increased to create all additional jobs.
The focus on excluding all others from supply and demand-driven economic policies is not an answer.
People pursuing such policies must invest in scaling up and, to some extent, promote rationalization.
If we are to use all opportunities to improve the social situation in these areas, it must be synchronized with demand-driven economic policies.
The situation varies across the region. In other words, a number of accompanying measures are needed if to be achieved.
This will, for example, be a measure of vocational training and further education that enables those who have been excluded from the production process to be reintegrated into working hours and work schedules in order to clearly improve the integration of individuals and societies and may also contribute to the promotion of women's employment opportunities.
I have made an in-depth report to the Rapporteur, Mr. President.
The main objective of structural funds is to strengthen social and economic cohesion among regions of the European Union.
By stimulating investment diversification, the European Union is working to increase per capita gross domestic product and promote employment.
From the sixth periodic report on the region, the following conclusions could be drawn: these incentives are not always expected to have effect.
The efforts to promote per capita gross domestic product in Goal 1 areas do not always lead to such growth, which is in fact not the economic growth that has occurred in the past few years.
As noted by the Rapporteur, the impact of structural measures is very little on employment.
Thus, some reservations were requested on the effectiveness of community assistance.
In addition, it was felt that differences between regions within Member States were sometimes even more pronounced, causing serious problems.
Therefore, the President seems worth and need to focus on national and regional authorities, in particular in promoting employment. After all, they are most aware of the regions they depend.
By enabling them to develop targeted plans for the relevant regions and, where necessary, with financial assistance, higher returns can be achieved.
It is clear that this is the ultimate goal.
I therefore endorse the practical details of the measures and their implementation to Member States and regions.
Since then, in providing financial assistance to the region, it may be more meaningful to make Member States more explicit in any way.
Through the transfer of standards from the region to Member States, we can avoid significant future problems.
Finally, I would like to draw attention to the position of Central and Eastern European States.
The report shows that, in general, they are the long-term way for EU countries, particularly in terms of per capita gross domestic product.
As many of these countries plan to join in the foreseeable future, there is an urgent need to review current structural policies.
I would like to take this opportunity to follow the example of others and call on the Commission to make reform recommendations as soon as possible and not later.
After close review of the present report, Mr. President, it was not possible to conclude that there was only a clear objective of structural policy.
For example, while differences between regions rise rather than decrease, there is a degree of convergence among Member States in this regard.
Similarly, unemployment rates in the most affected areas fell almost entirely, and in some cases increased.
I would like to know why there is no more effective use of structural funds.
Even if funds are accumulated from the Solidarity Fund, the Structural Fund has not been able to produce expected results in all regions and countries.
Since the goal of reducing unemployment throughout Europe is proclaimed, it is important to raise a key question whether the policies employed are correct or more appropriate to increase the competitiveness of regions through appropriate measures, such as increased support for research and development, infrastructure improvement and training levels.
The fundamental structural reform and competition-friendly tax policies are the cornerstone of the successful economic base.
If we do not want to be faithful to the imposition of a cost-intensive structural policy that does not improve the situation of long-term unemployment, we must analyse the measures taken to date.
We can only say that the European Union's structural policy has been successful when we manage the creation of a sufficient number of jobs and substantially lower unemployment.
I thank the Rapporteur, Mr. President, for his very important report, as the development of the social and economic situation will determine the extent to which European citizens will judge the success of our work.
This issue affects their daily lives and is a key issue of EU credibility.
It must be noted that the European Union has received assistance, and I am very clear that the development of poor countries is.
I remember what Portugal and Greece had used when I met for the first time by 25 years ago.
In that regard, the French speaker will comment on the first sentence: in other words, I have voted on the European Union.
The EU should truly take such gestures, but differences between rich and poor countries remain too large.
What is the result?
The people react in their way of voting and earn money.
We must therefore build schools, hospitals and infrastructure for the people of the same country.
This is very costly and has resulted in very serious social problems.
However, most people wish to live in areas where they are born and driven, and if they have access to work in other languages.
We must give them this opportunity.
This is the moral obligation of the European Union and all of us.
As I have seen, solutions are clearly encouraging entrepreneurship.
I entrepreneurship not only means the ownership of the enterprise but also the creation of the will. I am referring to a person's desire to live, whether he is an employee, owner or official.
What is a just society?
Persons from a small background can live and make their children more vulnerable.
Thus, the positive development of the region is also possible because people will start work and, if they have the opportunity to work.
Finally, I would like to point out that, on this issue, we should draw lessons from the United States, as the work of the United States of America is still under way and is a sign of capacity rather than a serious crime, as Europe is here.
As I have limited time, Mr. President, I will stand straight.
First, allow me to clarify the fact that there is no fair distribution of growth within the Alliance. The most remote areas still suffer from catastrophic unemployment, which is one example.
For example, in Reunion, this rate was 37 per cent.
However, this is not a situation related to the economic environment; But it is a structural problem because our remoteness and the short gesture of our specific personality.
Article 299 (2) of the Amsterdam Treaty envisages the principle of special treatment in order to deal with such cases. Only such a principle can be implemented.
The Committee's documentation is expected to be ready in December 1999 until January, followed by February that the original idea did not give me great optimism.
I therefore formally appeal to the Council and the Committee.
With regard to taxation, national assistance, structural funds and the defence of our traditional products, urgent measures must be planned. If these are not material, it is unfortunate that unity and cohesion will not give us more words and fears that, despite the size of the commitment, the structural policies that we have taken in the region will fail.
I would also like to thank Mr. Benron, as all speakers have done, and congratulate him on the quality of his report.
As in the previous report, this extremely responsible and precise analysis, its support proposal and your own comments, pessimism and women's rights should prove to be useful to the Commission and even the Commissioner responsible for regional policy, particularly when we are involved in the preparation of the allocation for the period 2000-2006.
Let me also begin by making a few comments on your assessment of the sixth periodic report.
You have noted the quality of the report and even wrote that, if I do not mistake, the report has actually improved compared with previous reports.
On behalf of all officers of the Committee and my predecessor, Mrs. Valentov-Master, I must inform you of the fact that we are very vigilant in this Chamber and your own evaluation.
The Committee recognizes the great desire to ensure that Mr. Belenda's sixth periodic report indicates that progress has been made and reached the threshold for the quality of the analysis presented to you.
In particular, I would like to refer to chapter 2.1 of the present report, in which the Commission reviewed more detail the economic definition of regional competitiveness and tried to analyse the extent to which such competitiveness could be supported, improved and affected by a number of factors, which Mr. Markov and Mrs. Raschhofer have been very strong.
I think to go to technical research and development, infrastructure availability and quality, human resources potential, small and medium-sized enterprises and foreign direct investment.
Quality is much higher.
Now I do not want to have the right to spend time, Mr. Belendon made a detailed account of my views on the points that you have endorsed. Allow me to mention that the first point concerned the usefulness of the conclusions of the present report in the formulation of priorities for new regional policies, in particular the negotiation of programming documents with Member States.
Secondly, the partnership has highlighted the role of local and regional authorities, the private sector, industry, associations and local community action teams.
With regard to this partnership, I attach great importance to ensuring the appropriate application of the provisions of the Structural Fund Regulations.
Thirdly, there is a need to develop the employment dimension of growth, although, as Mr. van Dam has just said, I know that the primary responsibility is the responsibility of Member States, and when we talk about the responsibility of Member States and whether this regional policy is useful or effective, we must clearly identify what time we are doing.
Mr. François has just said that the results of growth are uneven.
Mr. Franciswa, at a minimum, we need to recognize that there has been growth and that we have not worked in the past in times of stagnation or recession.
You will tell me that the situation of growth or shortage does not affect all. I agree with your analysis.
In the event of growth, it must be better distributed, but more difficult and more seriously affected areas affected by remote or island areas, which have been a general lack of growth over the past 20 years.
Fourthly, Mrs. Hdkvist Petersen has just emphasized the policy of equal opportunities for women and young people.
Fifth, the importance and role of SMEs. Mr. Vatanen has now been very strong.
Finally, there has been a positive impact on the national administration of the institutional fund management system, and officials manage the motivations of these funds, even if they are sometimes complex, and must again improve the Committee's evaluation, follow-up and monitoring procedures.
On that point, I must inform the European Parliament that, by 2000, I intend to organize a seminar with national and regional authorities on a point of order to evaluate good practices in the management of the structural funds.
Let me turn to a few specific issues.
Mr. Belen expressed the hope that the sub-group would be implemented as soon as possible.
preferably, we will put an end to the sub-regional phase. It is heartening that the Commission will take a decision on the four countries, and I hope that this will be Italy.