Reopening Sessions
I reopen the meeting of the European Parliament on Friday, December 17, 1999, and I like it once again to wish a happy New Year in hope that you enjoy a pleasant festival period.
However, as you see, the dreaded 'millennium bug' failed in the material, and still people in the number of countries suffered a series of truly romantic disasters.
More For a few days we asked the argument for this topic.
On the other hand, I want to observe the silence of 1 minute. The number of members required to replace all victims of terrible storm in various countries of the EU.
Lift for the silence of this minute.
(The silence of the house roses and observances)
President Mardam, at the time of order.
You will be recognized in the media and television. Bomb explosion and can be killed in Sri Lanka.
One of the people who visited the European Parliament before the recent months of Sri Lanka was Kumar Ponnambalam.
It would be suitable for you, President Mardam, President of Sri Lanka to write letters on the other violence death of Sri Lanka and to do everything that she can pursue peaceful reconstruction in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I will be completely appropriate for the initiative of the type you just offered.
If your home agrees, I do as Evans suggestions.
President Mardam, at the time of order.
I like the advice about the rule 143 regarding the uncertainty.
My question is coming to Thursday will come back to something.
The Cunha report for multi-stage map programs should be introduced for countries that do not meet their fleet reduction goals every year, including proposals of paragraph 6 came before the congress on Thursday. This says that it should be done despite the principle of relative stability.
I am the essential legal principle of the general fisheries policy and suggestion to replace it will be legally accepted. I just want to know if the report is not a legitimate offer, but that kind of objection can be raised, And whether I can compete on Thursday.
That is, if you want, raise this question, that is, in the Thursday before the start of the announcement of the report.
President Madam, the first part of the European Parliament this year, is unfortunately unfortunately in the next Thursday of the U.S. Texas, for the execution of a young 34-year-old man who was sentenced to death. We call him Hicks.
In accordance with the request of the French member Zimeray has already announced many pets signed. But, I will ask you, In accordance with the European Parliament, now according to the line that is constantly behind, by the European community, to make representation using the weight of your authoritative office, to the governor and the state of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order the stay of the controlled person.
This is what we are always based on the great principles.
About Us Mr. Segni is so glad.
In fact, this house is definitely in the position that is always adopted.
President Madam, I would like to attract attention when this parliament has consistently demonstrated interest. Alexander Nikitin
We all here courts accept him and clarify it in Russia, too, access to environmental information is the Constitutional Right.
However, he will go once more before the court because the public inspector is appealing.
We know, and we mentioned about almost many resolutions, In particular, during the last public part of the last year, this alone is not a legal case, because of our involvement in the accusation of his discovery because of the crime activities and treason.
This discovery forms the foundation of the European program to protect Barents Sea, and why I am concerned that Russia is as if you have been expressing the draft character that sets the most important facts and making the position of Parliament, and as expressing in the adopted resolution.
Yes, Mr. Schroedter, I am pleased to see in the fact of this event when I received a letter.
President Mardam, I first kept your words and that, during this first part of the year, the number of television channels in our office has actually increased significantly.
However, President madam, my personal request was not met.
There are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese, but the Dutch channel is still not. The Dutch people here are what they are asked because we can follow the news when we sent to this place of exile monthly.
So once more, you can get the Dutch channel.
Mr Plooij-van Gorsel, I can say that it is in the remedies for the meeting of Quaestors on Wednesday.
It, I hope, check in positive light.
Madam President can tell me why this parliament does not comply with the health and safety laws that actually pass?
Why did we have not wait quality testing on this specific building since we were elected?
Is there no health and safety committee meeting since 1998?
Why did there’s no fire drill on Brussels Parliament Building or Strasbourg Parliament Building?
Why is there a fire guide?
Why did the stairs not improve with my accident?
Why not a non-smoking area?
It looks absolutely disgraceful that we do not pass the law and comply with ourselves.
Mrs Lynne, you surely meet and I confirm that it is not actually done.
I also refer to Quaestors’ universities and I will do our best to ensure that we comply with our own vote.
Madam President, Mrs Díez González and I have asked questions about certain opinions of Mr De Palacio, Vice President, who appeared in Spanish newspapers.
The competition service was not included in the remedy on the land that was responded to the previous part possession.
I ask that they rejoice, because it is not this case.
The question previously mentions the intervention of Mr. Palacio, in other cases, and in the ABC newspaper that appears on this opinion 18 November.
Berenguer Fuster
I acknowledge it, currently, the problem is somewhat confused.
We look right to guarantee that it should be all of them.
President Mardam, I would like to know that there will be a clear message far from this week for our discontent on today's decision to renew arm embargo in Indonesia, Is this parliament an extensive majority of in Indonesia approved arm embargo in the past?
Not to renew today’s decision is considering a very dangerous situation.
So the parliament should send a message, because the wish of the great majority.
The EU member country's responsibility does not update embargo.
As people said, the situation is very volatile. In fact, the risk of future military coupa.
We do not know what happened. Why should EU arm producers benefit from the cost of the innocent people?
In any event, this question will not be presented according to the request of a topic and urgent debate on Thursday.
Name *
The announcement of the podcast president, the political program of the Prodi Commission was approved by the group of early European socialist parties in September by the meeting of almost unappropriate European socialist, In addition, it was explicitly accepted by the President Prodi, Rejoices his devotion in his suburban speech.
Since this commitment is a monopol and body of initiatives in accordance with the curriculum, basically the activity of the political and law of this Parliament next five years.
I also want to point out, President Mardam, the Parliament expressed the trust of the president of the former heritage. Once again of this heritage, in July, and in September, it has voted once more once approved the entire committee.
So there is enough time for the committee, and we are familiar with us, and we will discuss our citizens.
At this end, I would like to remind the resolution of 15 September, which is recommended to be offered as soon as possible.
The event of the last week - started outside the presidential meeting, the meeting is simply used to determine the decisions taken in different places and rafting decisions - Present us with dilemma. The committee is not ready to present this program, In which case it should be clear to it.
According to its president, it is in place to do so.
If the committee is represented by the Vice President de Palacio, I will help, before voting, if we may know how we are ready to announce this program, agreed. As an alternative, Parliament is not ready to review this program, It seems to be some suggestions.
This second hypothesis is not only the failure of the Parliament, but not only to introduce the original paper, but also the unknown way of creating political group awareness, in writing, the program of the Committee - and not the previous day, agreed - bearing in mind that the leg program will be discussed in February, so we could discuss, Listening to our citizen on the next day, it will no longer worry about the Internet.
My group means that the parliament will hear, debate and reflect, so it cannot be legitimate for this delay, and if the committee is ready to do so, we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between the Parliament and the Commission and proceed to our fellow citizens in a way that fulfils our duty.
According to the proposal of the group per European socialist, the Prodi Committee will present a legitimate program on Wednesday, including the proposed management reform. Otherwise, we were able to find yourself in paradoxical situations: in the pretext without text by one hand, the president of the committee will refuse the right to say in this parliament, and on the other hand it will be debate about the typical situation of the Parliament.
Therefore, the President of Madames, the Committee will express the opinions about this matter and ask for the next vote.
(Used in PSE group)
President Mardam, I really surprised the fact that Mr Barón Crespo's action and he now put in the determination of Wednesday.
Barón Crespo could not attend the presidential meeting last Thursday.
I do not criticize this; It happens when people send people to represent them.
Mr. Hänsch represented you in this case.
In the meeting of the venue we had a deep discussion.
Your group has advised to speak now.
We put in the vote.
As you know, each chairman has the same number of votes as their group.
I voted on this issue. With I recall, the result of this vote is 422 votes in 180 minutes.
This means all groups are everything with exceptions of unofficial members, but of course, they are not groups; Only your group thinks that we should progress as we suggest here.
All other things were different opinions. It was crystal.
I would like to comment on the problem itself.
We have the trust of the Council and Romano Prodi, and after a difficult procedure, everyone knows, the majority of our groups supported the vote of the trust of the Romano Prodi and the committee.
We believe, however, the strategy plan of the committee is not only the basis of oral statements in the European Parliament, but also the basis of the documents adopted in the Commission, to explain this program for the period of five years.
There are no such documents!
The committee will announce the program for 2000 years in February.
We said, very well, if the committee does not want to introduce 2000 programs from early January we will do it in February.
We agreed to this.
After all, we do not want quarrel together with the Committee; In all possible cases, we believe that the Council and Parliament need to follow the same way.
However, we have a supervisory role in relation to the Council in Parliament, and we do not agree to all that we come from the Board.
I need to make a reasonable amount of preparation for the program 5 years in our group.
Listen to the statement of this house and do not think of the content.
It is the reason we recommend - And it is my impression that the panel is open to this idea - We hope to discuss in the long-term program of the committee from February to year 2005 - and I hope the committee will agree to the program before the offer us - And in February, we also hold debate to legal programs of panels for 2000 years.
The fact that the topic is linked is suggested that we should discuss in two programs together. Why my group refuses to offer made by socialist groups.
(Used in PE-DE group)
President Mardam, I want to make it very clear, All above, the committee has absolute respect for the decision of this parliament, among which, its determination.
We may therefore determine any parliament.
However, Prodi President wants to be very clear to make a promise to this Parliament to introduce a new debate. Barón Crespo says about this heritage in a wide area of action for the next five years, in addition to the annual discussion on the legitimate program of the Committee.
President Madam, I would like to say that the agreement that reached in September distinguishes this debate from the annual announcement of the legal program of the Commission.
I also say that the committee is ready to be ready to get this debate every time it is prepared and convenient, and it will be ready to do so in this week as we had the original agreement. It will be announced a day before it is open to the Congress group.
Therefore, President Mardam, I am planning to act for the next five years, and when the Parliament decides, - if this is a decision - we are ready to come and explain the program for the next five years and next month, 2000, We are fully agreeable.
President Mardam, I can listen to the remnants of laughter in socialism.
I said that the big section of the Socialist Group also has a proposal because this item is not voted at the working group of the Socialist Group members responsible for this matter.
This information is accurate, but PPE-DE Group should be aware that this item has been removed because the Parliament has already solved this problem.
The decision was also adopted for this kind of tax.
Why my group is taken from this topic.
About Us 담당자: Mr. Jerry Jiang
We now listen to Wurtz for this request.
President Madam, I first want to point out the lack of the Poettering of the logic. Since he preached to the group of European socialist parties and went back to the decisions taken in a perfect clear way in the presidential meeting, now he is just the same.
In addition to the exception of PPE and ELDR Groups, we discussed that issue.
Although my colleagues would like to reply, I even mentioned that I can not know about Tobin Tax or whether Tobin Tax, but I can see that the committee and committee thought.
Find out more
I Therefore repeat the proposal to give a clear message to popular opinions after tide of the feelings created by the failure of Seattle conference, about the relatively humble suggestion, so that this oral question on the panel and panel can be found.
We conduct a vote on the request of PPE-DE Group. The question about capital tax is withdrawn from the author.
(Parliament 164 votes, 166 votes and 7 abstentions on request)
President Madam, I would like to thank Poettering for this discussion ad.
About Us
Will Madam be voted? I could not vote electronically, because I do not have a card.
My vote was horizon.
In fact, we will be the result of the vote if we add two members declared themselves ....
President, President has already declared the results of voting.
There is no room.
President, former vote - and I will be your submissive for this matter - The question of the strategy plan of the Committee I would like to say the pre-voice of the voting instead of my group. It didn't happen.
In the last of this business, I can provide a description of the voting instead of my group.
This is an important issue. It will be useful for the recording of houses How people recognize that we have done only in the light of their political analysis.
President Mardam, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I also asked on the floor, commented on the motion of Mr Barón Crespo.
You did not call me.
I regret this, but the voting is already taken and the decision is so that we can leave the problem there.
I'm sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. Find out more
So, I think the location is very clear and they should enter in a few minutes.
When we adopt a person who is sitting tomorrow, the members who do not think the position after that can be clearly updated.
This seems that I would be the solution possible.
Of course, a minute about sitting tomorrow will move to an account in an additional description.
I have better solution than this is about the description that now consumes very time.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, will this be acceptable to you?
Madam President, how my group vote records will be voted correctly, and that cannot be targeted.
If you cannot provide a description of the vote, I receive a reservation as well as that.
We will always pay attention to the words of min, like of the process.
If they do not reflect the position properly adopted, we can modify them, {{if price_varies}}from {{/if}}{{html Shopify.formatMoney(price_min, window.money_format)}}
(The order of the business has been updated accordingly)
Safety advisers on shipping of dangerous goods
More The item is the report of Mr. Koch (A5-0105/1999) instead of the Regional Policy, Transportation and Tourism Commission, and it is a common location that the committee adopts the European Parliament and Commission guidelines to adopt the harmonious safety advisory committee for transporting dangerous goods by roads, railways or inland channels (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106 (COD).
President Mardam, we cannot accept the fact that we hear more accidents that cause major damage to our road, In addition to our railroad and channels, as well as at least partly it has seriously transport of dangerous goods because they are engaged or due to the lack of training on the part of the driver or others as its result - small accidents all become too often important disasters.
As Austria, I still have a vivid memory, I believe, we continue with a huge cost to rebuild the parts of tunnels that too many humans live in the yellow tunnel last year, after that follow-up work was destroyed in fire.
Sustained innovation projects for a few months, blocking this important route between Europe and South.
Transportation that thousands of people of the EU should be determined because they are stretched at the limit.
In fact, all the hell loose in some fats of my fat.
Preventive is our answer to this kind of disaster and this draft guide is an important step for well-trained safety advisers, so it is taken in a good time for proper action.
All the same, we are not satisfied with the body for the European law, ensuring greater safety.
We also have to follow this and make sure our rules are transposed by members in good time - More importantly - we also need to guarantee that it is applicable then.
We are not another field to resolve the shortcomings of enforcement later.
I want to solve one last point.
We are not the content that seals different holes on safety nets and shuts our eyes on the fact that safety in Europe is concerned, still much more done.
In this context, I would like to ask for a request and a responsible commission, Today with us, as soon as possible, to table proper text as you can see to make a safer environment for traffic tunnels in the future, so in Europe we do not need to experience more disasters in this scale.
President Mardam, I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, In its mind, the problem of transport safety. The report is shown in a matter where the inspection requirements for safety advisors working in the field of roads, railroads and inland waterways.
I celebrate him with his excellent report.
Traffic safety has been sad in recent news : London’s Paddington rail collision, Norway’s terrible rail collision, two aviation collisions that contain natural disasters, including Erika from EU citizens and Britannia - all over the past four months - traffic safety must be highly motivated and highly qualified for those claimed with public protection without never granted.
rapporteur pointed to the house where the substance of other revisions of the Congress receives 6 of the 10 revisions of the Congress.
My group therefore expects to be determined of the law that can still provide other tools in our fights to support general locations and to transport from the EU as possible.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
We still have a lot of work in this area as the recent event is proven.
President Madam, I want to do some comments.
I, thanks to rapporteur for his excellent accurate and technical work for all the first, reporting, second, and the proposal committee submitted.
We are interested here with the harmony of inspection requirements, also, in fact, minimum requirements. This is a calm.
The safety of roads, railways and inland waterways is important importance, and these types of transport, should appeal to the international nature of education for safety advice, Thus, as well as the requirements of new ADR, for example, under the way.
This is important, but so enforcement, of course, the number of reasons why we should pay specific attention to this.
In recent years, the idea of road accidents that occur, for example in Belgium, the number of other countries that carry Holland and dangerous goods continues to drive in foggy conditions when they actually have to pull the road instead.
Or ship from Eastern Europe, which is adjacent to the ship here, all the obvious risks of this entails.
In addition, researching on the ports of Belgium, Finland has transpired, also in Japan showed that 50% of containers with relatively dangerous cargo is not delivered properly for shipment.
short, the problem is important.
If you look at the situation where safety advisors are concerned, it is mandatory to hire these safety advisors from the company from January 1, this year.
Because these safety consultants cannot afford, it will be a big problem that currently reveals this rule.
These small companies are disassembled of cargo or mixed with other cargo, causing problems.
In addition, ISO 9002 certificates are required to include fine details of these activities in the form of annual reports and company analysis.
Work is completed. All that is the business of enforcement.
I would like to mention one last point.
The proper consensus in connection with the Enforcement shall be concluded with the Eastern European countries because it does not enter the treaty processing this issue until July 1, 2001. The time of the 8 months is said.
This gives them a competitive edge for interim period.
This does not matter, However, we incorporate as part of acquis communautaire, especially because we present them to roads, rails and landing channels, and as soon as possible and acceding countries.
President Mardam, the importance of transport safety emphasizes regularly in this parliament and appropriately.
Now increasing volume of goods passing Europe is risk of all kinds, known and unknown, employees and social environments.
The processing of these risks must meet strict requirements.
Other instructions, relevant standards set in 95/35/EC are enough to advise people in a responsible way for the transport organization of dangerous goods.
Since I have reached the minimum standard, I prefer to set the standard, set the standard and the module is installed, but the certificate should be internationally the same value.
However, it seems impossible.
Finally, the leopard by rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can, Therefore, we provide our full support.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to celebrate Mr Koch in his report. There are no very great importance for technically safety.
I just want to create a few comments.
First, I want to ask a commission - I am convinced that my request will fall in the volatile land - More attention should be on the road, on the channels or on the road to be paid as a safety problem.
Considering that we are dealing with the first panel proposals on March 19, 1998, this time delay is a little too long, even if the Parliament responds relatively quickly.
This is only not a fault of the panel, but I believe we need to take action faster to achieve the harmony in this area.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns about the minimum standard.
In principle, in many cases related to transport, we think that we should work for increased flexibility and country-specific rules.
However, it is rather sceptical because of the safety of Sweden. For example, the safety and principles of Germany, Italy or Austria are not.
I live in this minimal standard, but I ask a committee to monitor the situation very carefully.
When the flexibility of this kind of result is in some countries, we need to work with a larger blend.
My third point was already mentioned.
You know, like seed racks, I came from the transit country, this problem plays a particularly important role.
We deteriorate the conditions of the contest for different countries and do not improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries.
But I believe that we should do everything. We believe that we can maintain the shipping of dangerous goods in all countries at least.
This website is dedicated to the app. We created this site for the purpose of providing genuine apps and games. 4AppsApk.com is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
We understand that both institutions - Congress and Commission cooperate and cooperate with the local policy committee and cooperate with the current cooperation, and especially the current cooperation for the transport group is important.
Common positions include practically everything of corrections accepted by the system and has minimize minimum inspection requirements for safety consultant, in the second reading, we can accept corrections on proposed date, It is much more realistic than the original suggested by the favorite committee we have several years detriding this question now.
Very simply, I appreciate various members for their intervention and the safety is one of the priority of the Commission in the field of transport.
As Simpson says very accurately, this is a process that we cannot give or associate as we do not come to the end.
The process of increasing safety margin and safety guarantees is the process of improving the day.
In this relationship, I would like to see very briefly as a problem of tunnels mentioned by Messs Rack and Swoboda. For Austria, it is a very delicate problem without doubt, and a big effort should be made to improve safety.
In one of the worst accidents that occur recently, the goods that were transported were not risked by themselves.
In principle, the risk does not appear in the paints of margarine and several kilograms, led by real disaster.
So, we will see the requirements to guarantee the maximum degree of safety can be improved more.
Finally, we want to say that we should consider safety in all kinds of shipping.
This week we will debate here about the safety of the sea transport from the light of the Erica disaster and in the process of the year we have to discuss our goals in terms of the safety of air transport.
However, I would like to say that safety is the priority goal of the Committee.
Since I would say about the debate for Erika disasters, we can’t wait until there is a disaster for the question of safety, but we can also work in these situations, but simply prove the urgency to effective responses for this type of matter.
I repeat thanks for all speakers and especially rapporteur, Mr Koch.
This is closed.
Voting takes tomorrow from 12 p.m.
Transportation of dangerous goods by road
More The item is the report of Mr. Koch (A5-0104/1999) instead of the Regional Policy, Transportation and Tourism Commission and the proposal for the European Parliament and Commission guidelines is Directly 94/55/EC Road [COM (1999) 158 - C5-0004/1999 - 1999/0083 (COD) according to the laws of the member states in relation to the transportation of dangerous things.
President, chairman, ladies and shrines, instructions on the law of the member country, in connection with the transport of dangerous goods by the road, which entered into force on 1 January 1997, including the number of valid transition regulations for a limited period of time, the expiration period that is linked to the completion of certain standardization operations by CEN, which is the European Commission for standardization.
CEN’s working delay is now difficult to apply this very directive.
In particular, annexes cannot take account of technology and industrial development.
I regret this because we are taking action because others did not do their job.
In this respect, I accept this offer revised Directive 94/55/EC targeted for discussion today.
If the EU does not take action, the member country will be obliged to revisit the national laws for a very short period until the CEN is a unnecessary cost and uncertain cause.
The amendment to the guidelines for today’s remedies is therefore not affecting the existing harms of the community’s dangerous goods transport.
This website is dedicated to the app. We created this site for the purpose of providing genuine apps and games. 4AppsApk.com is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
The revision of the directive is completely under the principle of subsidiarity. Members can get more power.
The committee determines that the member country may impose their specific rules. So, it is supported by a committee of experts on the transportation of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure.
The procedure for the movement of this implementation ability was made on the decision of the board of June 1999.
Suggested to be discussed today, revised the instructions on transportation of dangerous goods to the road, dated in March 1999, but, thus cannot take account of the latest comitology procedure.
unanimously indicated and adopted by panel accurately on two updated comitology procedures.
We would like to guarantee that the period that the jury can make a decision is mentioned early. Unclear - Sets up to three months.
Also, the need for greater transparency has been pointed.
Additional corrections, especially in the vacuum tank, so that the member states may impose more strict requirements, the work is performed or if the goods are prior to the temperature below -20o, the sitemap
There is a special interest in Northern Europe.
The final correction will be intended to ensure that the tank and tanker will be put into force of this guide from January 1, 1997 and will continue to be used to be built and maintained accordingly.
I realize that there is only a small step for increased shipping safety, but I ask to end this report.
Mr. President, mate, happy new year and millennium you all.
I say about the first time of this exciting part, so this is very interesting for me, like the first love, that lasted more than 2 minutes.
I would like to briefly comment on the proposal of the revised committee to the transportation of dangerous goods by the road.
It is recommended that this guide should be installed at present. Otherwise, the member states need to modify national acts for a very short time, and it means the cost of unnecessary and more concerns regarding the EU nationality.
The proposal of the committee, however, does not have an account of all the facts such as prevails winding climate in the northern region.
In fact, I have marked some revisions on the excellent report in the essence of Koch, which was adopted by our Committee.
My correction cares frost resistance rating for tanker carrying this dangerous goods.
According to the proposal of the panel -20oC was sufficient. It is difficult to imagine that at Lapland temperature in the coast of the Mediterranean.
We also have support for the EU in Lapland so please remember us.
I had so suggested Frost grade low with -40oC.
You need to keep a safety standard at the level in the northern area before.
I hope my offer will be considered as a vote of tomorrow.
This website is dedicated to the app. We created this site for the purpose of providing genuine apps and games. 4AppsApk.com is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
I think it is pretty good.
On the topic in hand, I think that people of European people should be sure of the goods - But risks they are transported to Europe's roads, railways -, so safety as possible.
This 지시어
What we are doing today is essentially nuisance.
rapporteur, Mr. Koch, what we express our thanks for this work is already basically all pointed out that the more advanced was not about the sensual for some of CEN, Drawing-up and adaptation instructions.
That is why we can only hope - And we should solve all of these weeks - That, in 2001, we finally have a degree of legal positiveness here because there are community rules for transportation of dangerous goods by the road and it is also more safe for our roads.
Mr. President, the report we will not discuss here, In itself, please contact any major changes.
Most of the suggested corrections are of pure technical nature. This type of decision is not worth highlighting. Every time you make this type of decision, it is good in a wide environment point of view and creates a better precondition to exploit the possibility of internal market.
A very large quantity of dangerous goods is transported to both the European Union, both the road and railway and the sea.
This should have a proper rule to do this kind of transport.
Within the area, we are now taking a general minimum rule for the member country.
This is extraordinarily positive, rapporteur, Mr Koch, the cause of working to put on this problem.
This is also important to be a priority for internal markets.
If we are really getting up and running the general transport market, we have a rule but this rule is also important to be applied to each country, as possible.
I would like to conclude by the opinion on the third issue of the signature, That is revised by members of the Congress, Mr. Ari Vatanen.
In some ways, priorities are different from one member country.
By approving this revision, we have a very cold fact account in the northern part of the European Union.
This is why material and packaging should consider how to affect this kind of cold.
It is recommended to establish the current rule, We are also flexible. I hope the panel can accept current revisions.
Mr. President, I not only Mr. Koch, but also, they declared their support for safety in the transport sector and the vice president of the Commission, which clearly and the surrounding way.
Mr. Koch created his sound reports because he worked at CEN and was not expired within the UN Economic Council.
If the EU is in the position where it can tell you what the game status of today is in relation to the effort towards the harmony made by these two organizations, I would like to ask the President. EU will be in position to figure out the position for these harmful efforts.
One thing is clear. As for excellent arrangements within the EU, traffic will not stop at our border.
Hence is definitely what all the reasons are to introduce local regulations farther.
If the committee cannot do so today, she stands and how How will you be ready to notify the Commission to write steps between CEN and the Economic Council?
Mr President, I would like to celebrate Mr Koch on his grand days in this other report that replenishes the way to complement the discussion that was held in October at the railroad transportation once again.
We have no time required to perform the correction of the regulations required for the harmoniousness within the EU.
The amendment of these regulations and guidelines can now incorporate differentiated elements that show our diversity in Europe.
Before the moment, Mr. Vatanen talks about the lower temperature, 20 degrees below 0, but not less than 0.
Of course, we accept the correction - it is absolutely right - I believe that we should incorporate certain situations that show the climate diversity of the EU, and sometimes have a form of specific requirements for the establishment of standards and characteristics of the technical nature.
I want to say, In connection with the feedback on the activities of the CEN of Swoboda, we are working to accelerate their work as much as possible, because it is terrible, despite the new deadlines, we found themselves after one year and bits with the same difficulties because their work has not been concluded.
Finally, Mr President has been pointed out the basic issues that define this revision of the directive. We must be delayed by CEN, the correction of specific provisions, the content of consistency and the Annex between the text of the instructions and more specific.
The committee accepts all contributors of the Congress Council and rapporteur, and included in the various revisions, especially 4.
We therefore accept 4 revisions offered.
This is closed.
Voting takes tomorrow from 12 p.m.
Structure Fund - Cohesion Fund Adjustment
More Item (A5-0108/1999) Mr. Schroedter, instead of the Commission on Regional Policy, on communications in the field of Transportation and Tourism, and on cohesion funding: instructions for the program in the period 2000-2006 [COM(1999)344 - C5-0122/1999 - 1999/2127 (COS)].
President, it is especially pleased me to make my first speech in the European Parliament, which is considered the most important matter within that part of the UK represented by the Parliament, namely Wales.
As the main part of Wales, you have given Objective 1 status under the Rescue Fund program.
Many people within Wales are looking for a European structure funding program is very clear. A big challenge that we do not face unfortunately.
We saw a growing poverty in Wales and continued to grow since 1997. We look at the thickness between rich and poor wide.
We, therefore, we can not only see industrial destruction within the structural funding program, but also see broader improvements throughout the economic base within Principality.
However, severely damaged for us is faith in the grant of structural funding, In meaning, the success of the government.
It is sad to admit the very big difficulties facing Wales.
Why I would like to highlight some of the problems that the committee should be at the front.
We take a look at the Committee to handle points in relation to further.
We dissatisfied in fact that those figures were hidden within the UK figures.
We also guarantee that the project has a matching fund.
We need to provide the main impetus for the rescue fund expenditures, and related to the planning stage.
Finally, we ask that the committee will be spending the structure fundraising in a transparent way.
It is not transparent that happened within this parliament.
This is an area that I believe that the panel can be very big friends on Wales.
Chairman, our committee started to report this problem very differently, I will say in terms of research.
We reported as a very positive sign in her own conclusion, rapporteur has an account of the proposal of our committee that Cohesion Fund states should be located at the university and university and has an account of how to find universities and universities in such ways that they can now serve people living in a better undeveloped area.
This can be acted in some of the governments, and these decentralizations of higher education will be a policy that is familiar with development out of the evening.
Another problem, especially in terms of industrial policy, is that we need to like the Commission to pay more attention Service, e-commerce and using the growth of the Internet, when they plan the adjustment of structure funds and collision funds.
Poverty and wealth are used to rely on the means of life.
A rich area has been working in the industry, but today its area can be borne, and we also mean that it should be invested in new industries such as electronic production, and because it is the future industry.
In my opinion, the committee has not drafted the report, so it will attract the attention of the Committee instead of the Industrial, External Trade, Research and Energy Commission.
Finally, as an energy representative committee, we still highlighted further through the issues of support for the renewable energy resources of Cohesion and Regional Development Funds. Therefore, by increasing the use of renewable through the adjustment process, the scan fund resource for the energy program is to be rewarded with the means of such more substantial total.
President, in order to thank Mr. Schroedter for this work and explain about the colleagues, Mrs Flautre, who followed this for the employment and social affairs committee, but unfortunately ill.
I want to attract people's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 agreed by the Hire and Social Affairs Commission, but not allowed by the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Commission.
This revision supports financially local planning to provide social economic and social risk capital and develop employment opportunities and enhance social remedies.
In the past, this Parliament sees social economic as an important potential supplier of employment.
This revision is also fitted to the views of this Parliament. Social Dividends are a serious problem that requires construction action.
We have a very powerful reason to provide both Congress and their citizens seeking employment to consider the rejection of these revisions.
In her report, Mrs Flautre also attracted attention to areas where coordination is truly lacking, still need desperately.
Council proposals refer to four pillars of employment strategy and five activities of the European Social Fund.
However, the lack of specific instructions here will affect the first time during 2000-2006 program as an idea to connect social funding to regretted, employment strategy.
It could say that the official could give the impression of the Committee Support for European Social Funds There is no idea to provide maximum adjustments between, you can review after three and a half year, and the annual country plan for employment in the member country.
We hope the panel can recombinant us.
Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson
However, this starting point indicates about the challenge facing us: the population of the rural region has been maintained, and the change to participate in all types of economic activities for agriculture. Increase of importance to various sources of income for rural communities.
In addition to this, the lack of infrastructure and services and a very low-level network in general employment is seasonal and lack of diversity, and distributes dividends in rural areas.
The result does not give hope.
It is a young people who are gone, who are trained and seeking things outside the rural area, all the unfamiliar effects in that area.
The lack of infrastructure is an obstacle to establishing and creating jobs.
We represent the countryside almost 4th of the territory of the European Union.
Agriculture provides 5.5% of employment in the Union.
In addition, the third quarter of our farm workers are part-time and need replacement for income.
For this reason, one of the most important essential objectives to be set in the EU is to create a new job in agriculture field in areas such as rural areas, rural tourism, sports, cultural, heritage conservation, transformation of enterprises, new technologies, services, etc.
However, the role of agriculture is not exclusive, but it is still essential, but in order to prevent the creation of economic and social disruptions and ghost villages, as well as the farmers play an essential role to manage the land. To preserve biodiversity and protect the environment.
Therefore, we support the establishment of a consistent agricultural and rural development policy with goals we set. We want rural areas at the dawn of the 21st century, and need to open a variety of non-rural activities in relation to competitive, multifunctional, agriculture.
It is important to priority for land planning and democratic equilibrium, and is in mind that the conclusion of the agricultural and rural development committee for five basic matters is only involved by the transport committee, local policy and tourism. 16 and 17.
Conclusionally, I will consider these 5 points when establishing conclusions to four pillars, because I believe the EU, Keeping populations in rural areas should be one of the goals of the first.
Chairman, Chairperson, I would like to start by Mr Schroedter, rapporteur, thanking her work. I think this is done very well.
In addition, I would like to thank her gladness to enter the conversation with other political groups that need to reach the face of the correction - Perhaps more than we expected - But truely reflect the importance of the report we discuss.
We believe that the committee has an account of the conclusion adopted by this Parliament, At least in the spirit, at this stage, it might seem like we are doing useless exercise here, but nothing but hot air.
The truth of the problem we believe - and this was also seen in the way the conclusion is - The committee should consider that it is adopted by this parliament, especially in the face of the revision of the liver of these instructions.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you browse our website. This cookie is essential to perform the basic functions of the website, therefore it is stored in the browser. In addition, we use third party cookies that help you analyze and understand the use of this website. This cookie is saved to your browser only. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
To achieve faster and more efficient improvements to achieve this goal, we need to engage in this initiative, people who generate employment, people who guarantee a new source of real entrepreneurs and hires, that is, businessmen, and people who guarantee this initiative.
Small and medium-sized businesses, all above, must participate in the distribution of these funds.
If entrepreneurs are unable to participate, not only to receive this fund, we will set our goal to achieve more rapidly.
In addition, to achieve our goals, to overcome disputes between regions and pursue the source of employment, it is important to provide our complete support to new technologies, transport and communication networks and renewable energy.
All this must be done - I repeat - with the participation of personal business, trying together with them of public management, but complement them, never interfere or except them, will lead to the creation of the wealth of social and work.
Mr. President, it was surprised by my colleagues, Mr Evans, why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 state. It was because of the certification policy of their detention.
He also imposes all the rules regarding the additions he can lead to stern Letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies regarding the regulatory requirements by Mr Hague, President of Wales.
You can say that the UK government knows the regulatory requirements for Objective 1.
I suggest Evans to return and read the rules.
My group has a wide range of revisions for retirement today.
I would like to focus our mind on the fundamental role of the guideline. To ensure the most effective use of resources to provide frameworks and tools to improve objective support and economic regeneration, recovering these areas and put them back on the road for sustainable development and eventually they off local life support machines.
It is important to identify skills and potential in areas of Hi-tech. Europe is especially important in the light of the report of media that quickly lose land to the U.S. in the future high-tech growth industry.
The work of the previous round of the program also tells us that you need to be very about our guideline.
They should not be about making additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape. They are not about to move half of the priority and policy through project development, especially due to unstable delays and terminations in the light of new budget requirements.
The implementation and operation of the guideline cannot be left in the personal interpretation of one or other desk executives in the committee or private services.
You must have internal consistency of commission directories while respecting specific areas and local aspects of the committee.
Conclusion is that we can check the case of guideline that will be wide, indication and flexible to assist our program managers and fund users and get maximum potential in our new field of playing.
We will be key to future success, if the entrepreneur can inject the spirit of action into our poor and structured regions.
The European Union and the European Union are the EU and the EU and the European Union are the EU and the EU and the EU and the European Union and the EU and the European Union are the EU and the European Union and the EU and the European Union and the EU are the EU and the European Union and the European Union. The EU and the European Union are the European Union and the European Union.
President, Commission, I would like to thank Mrs Schroedter for excellent reports.
She went a problem with some depths. In the committee she had a lot of revisions accounted for this report.
rapporteur has definitely stated that the Parliament did not hear at the time of the guidance.
We almost behind in this problem.
Hopefully, vs. Congress will be helpful, However, the middle decision of the program and real implementation.
Over time reports were too big.
It already has the details and problems that have raised in previous reports.
In this step we will use this process to assess how to use bearings in mind that targets are meaningful to reduce local complaints.
Our group emphasizes the importance of the subsidiaries, the role of local players in the subsidiaries and implementation programs.
It is especially important to get SME related to planning and program implementation.
Our group also take a greater account of remote surrounding areas and hope to increase interaction between cities and rural areas.
We are against the central management of excessive control unions and their member country movements and we are calling the reduction in bureaucracy that has rooted in program drafts and implementations.
The project implemented with the support of the Union has often influenced by slow decisions and complex management processes.
Funds are often granted for projects that don’t have continuous profits for the region.
The project should be done more efficiently and must perform more flexible and more productive tasks.
While the report is ready, it is interesting for the local policy of the general union.
Our new member, it was the first time, and this was a very interesting process.
This report is very good and our group supports it.
Since this parliament didn’t overcome the role as a consulting and adjustment agency, the Commission was sitting in the office of the Council for many months, with an excellent report of Elisabeth Schroedter, a associate member of the Board.
In this mind, this house is approved before the community support framework for any event, demand, period of problem, and they should study and submit for discussions in this parliament, especially the light of the guidelines presented today. Because of this we think we can make employment in a poor area especially. And we can contribute to reversing harmful trends in the complaint present in the European society and move towards fair Europe.
Mr. President, we should forget to achieve economic and social remedies, the main strategic goals of the structure and the law fund.
We have a duty to participate in draft guidelines and evaluate results.
We have the obligation to do so because we are the representative of the citizens in the European Union of Citizens and not in Europe in the United States and the region.
We need funding, but feel a sufficient condition to achieve economic and social remedies.
We can only be mistaken using domestic products per resident as an indicator.
Some speakers already mentioned autumn in unemployment and population.
We can see the current state of the community that is in a worse situation than others How to study indicators and evolve.
It is clear in some of the reports that Europe’s 25 most prosperous regions are enjoying 5x more unemployment than 25.
This fact is that the European Parliament, the Commission and the Commission should be determined strategically.
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity. Or because we did not give the opportunity as we reached the end of the parliament term. For instructions.
I do not think, but this report comes too late.
We consider it together, so you can submit a new Objective 1 program and plan for local development, before the directive is fermented, correction and proper evaluation.
We agree to all In this program, when halfway, the assessment of the instructions is made, the Parliament must act as the same influence on the land, the representative of the citizens.
Our citizens cannot acknowledge that the EU cannot decide on its way, at least on its face, bureaucratic.
They need to see political dimensional work, the formula will accept their responsibility and see that it has communication with citizens.
This is what we ask today's commission.
I think that, giving his previous experience as a local president, and he agrees to propagating indicators, and strategy is not just productivity, appealing economic and social remedies.
President, I support the main proposal of the report on the management of the structure fund and the main recommendations of the report included with Cohesion Fund during 2000-2006 period: the EU structure and the expenditure funds must always be integrated. This means a comprehensive partnership between local authorities and national governments is whether these funds are spent.
Members must attach greater importance to an integrated strategy for rehabilitation relations between cities and rural areas. This is a special significance.
The city's renewal is very important. We always need to promote rural development and balance our policy between improving the life of urban residents. We don’t want to build the European of the city alone.
The structure fund has conducted a key role in developing both urban and rural areas of the surrounding country through the road, water treatment and the upgrade of related transport networks.
This course will continue in accordance with the financial expenditure guidelines established by EU leaders in the Berlin Summit supported by the last May accountant.
The main EU program between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 was definitely helpful to improve the economic competitiveness of the country and goal of around Europe.
The key is now integrated and permanently creates the progress of the date created. Around countries and ultraperipheral regions around Europe are in a position that can work successfully within the new Euro currency zone, Not only has the freedom movement of goods, people, services and capital now experience inside the market.
In conclusion, the main infrastructure project was supported by the European Community Development Fund and Cohesion Fund, but we need to remember that the European Social Fund performs a very important role in helping less absence in our society.
Social funds certainly improve our third level of institutions, put a comprehensive plan where our post assessment certificate program helps combat financial and youth and long-term unemployment, supports early school vacation and promotes high standards of adult literature.
In numerous events in the past Mr President was disagreed with rapporteur on her approach to local policy matters. But, I really agree with her.
Don’t encourage you to continue along the same way, or I can’t say. Absolutely, I would like to celebrate her in her work.
The second point is that we should prefer the guide line if we have added to the rules in the form of McCarthy, as rapporteurs for the general regulations.
Unfortunately, this did not happen. Bernié was a problem with the previous committee.
I am raising the reiterate issue of the Parliament.
Thirdly, we agree to the general guidelines we do not get out of the comments we made so far.
They are especially beneficial to the member country, and especially want to attract attention to the committee. Sustainable development, producing work and more specificly, deployed on the matter of equal opportunities and shipping problems.
Personally, I am completely in the favor of at least the guide.
As the island residents, but I want to express my dissatisfaction in the lack of awareness of island development.
This problem is the first time not considered. For five years of continued interest, I have raised the problem time and time again to become a member of the Parliament.
The commissioner will continue to raise the 158th, 1st and 1st of the Amsterdam Treaty’s Paragraph 1 on the Island’s Integrated Policy.
Therefore, the committee must resolve once and all problems.
This time comes to implementing the program, so the member country should assume responsibility and perform properly.
For us in the Parliament, I would like to remind the code of the signed committee and the action between the Parliament.
I’m absolutely sure that this code is observed and that Parliament will keep all the development and details regarding the implementation of the program.
Mr. President, Commission, half I need to like in this minute, first, congratulate Mr. Schroedter.
I already know many, but she is especially receiving our compliments about suggestions in all aspects, I think we are this promising that the quality we see today.
I share the regret that she expressed, namely, the parliament had almost late at the day following this instructions, and now the procedure for negotiations is so advanced that I cannot see this report, my view is affinity.
Therefore, we must report the future and establish mid-term review instructions in 2003. So, affect the second step of the programming set to follow 2003.
Simply speaking, we would like to say that we enter the period when calling to manage 2000-2006 programming, We must have a regular period for a good reason we have two important challenges facing.
The first is the harmony of national development policies and local development policies.
Subsidies are not enough to guarantee development when infrastructure and public services are lacking.
We must ask the essential question: How can we ensure the combination policy interface with subsidiaries national policy for local development?
The second challenge is the magnification of the course, significant impact, both in budget and geographical aspects.
This is the two areas I set the commission and I invite us.
Finally, in this time of natural disaster, I just want to mention the use of the structure fund.
Because you know, it is less than a minute in each week.
Europe is not completely deformed, the country tends to want.
Public opinions and reports are nowadays we cannot provide responses even if we have funded funds to fund funds to fund a large percentage of national operations.
We believe that you can say this firm.
I also think we should be guaranteed, or request a member country, it is some publicity given to the European aid whenever it is used to recover damage caused by natural disasters or accidents.
The priority given to financial and financial standards enhances the increase in all shapes and shapes complaints.
For example, the most competent scenario is the entrenchment of local obstacles in each country today.
Well, the structure fund helps to apply brakes to this process.
Our project in Europe oversees the fusion of life conditions towards the highest general denominator aiming to satisfy social needs. Its implementation will definitely need to expand the range of red frameworks such as structural funds.
We are a specially integrated capital tax, which can be used for the improvement of funds used to support the coordination of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at the European level.
The panel, however, bound the problem guideline, but only in vague way with reluctantly.
This report reconstructions its place in political areas today. One of the steps towards the policy of employment and sustainable development.
This is to help us vote on the favor.
President, I would like to celebrate rapporteur on her excellent job too.
For the next few years, faced with the challenges of globalization and statue enlargement, Europe needs a proper detailed instructions on how to plan and reactivate its economy, rather than before.
At this end, as the whole of Europe, each member country must be individually used for the optimal use of all available resources and capacity, including structure funds.
The need for the European Commission is not a good intention, but the clear guideline and these resources are used by the member states.
For example, in recent years, Italy has been problematic to utilize structural funds due to lack of participation in economic and social operators at the local level.
Therefore, I have two points that I would like to attract the attention of the Committee.
Firstly, we need to make the most possible use of counseling as a means to ensure proper adjustment and engagement by all local and local operators of decisions, and accurately prevent unbalance and unbalance. Secondly, the genuine effort is necessary to make the management procedure more simple and transparent, since then, they are all too frequent and complex, in the point of interfering access to funds.
This is something about the small and medium sized industry in Europe, especially, tends to complain.
I will conclude, the failure of the president, the communication of the committee focuses on terrorism, especially, how to fight unemployment among women and young people, causes for serious concerns.
President, like my colleagues Mr Evans, it is especially important to hitherto to benefit from the first speech in this house, especially in the UK, West Midlands, especially Objective 2 Funds.
But if House tonight’s report is not very careful, we can produce very grandiose-sounding ideas that lack material to make people who help material to get their direct benefit from them.
The report itself is well preserved, but it is often lack of sound-based on the clarity and manipulation of the purpose when processing these problems.
That is why I add my group to three main revisions and texts, not nothing in the offer, but to make more relevant to those who are there in the guide.
I would like to explain our thoughts.
Firstly, we are related to the right use of structural and Cohesion fund.
The experience of the past is an elected representative of the European Taxpayer, and in fact, financial and transparency requirements for the radio and audit of this money, thus our revisions and additional funds are to achieve that known as the value for money indicators in the grant process.
Next, we all see a vast sum of money spent on projects that must fail at the beginning of this program too often.
However, there is no effective way to exit the project if it is not successful in the middle or at the end of that period.
In addition, the call for provisions of a substantial enforcementable outlet strategy, we often have a requirement insurance for ongoing cost loaded on taxpayers, but we also throw good money after bad and avoid well recovery syndrome of good money.
Finally, we call the change of balance and method. That is, the funds will be charged.
In terms of the fund equation, there must be a larger participation in the private sector that can introduce financial reality.
In addition, the type of project funds should be moved away from small profit-based projects. This is difficult to monitor. In most cases as a capital plan, the benefits can be seen all.
In the use of these funds, there is a very powerful need for transparency and these projects are impressed and the European Parliament shows how serious the need for these reforms.
If the change of this report is supported by the house today, I believe they will move forward to us in the next step of achieving the historical purpose they were set to bring funds. That is, in a financial sustainable way - these deprived areas of the European Union are hand-outs, but you need to bring the decentralized standards of life without giving up hands.
To support this change, contact your home.
President, Commission, I would like to commemorate rapporteur on her report, This is a fragment of discrimination and action.
The structure and cohesion policy of the EU is an essential tool for creating the right conditions to tackle and reduce the level of economic and social complaints between the region, without doubt. Despite the steps taken so far, these levels are still very high, and they are unprecedented in relation to their business.
This policy objective can be achieved through careful adjustment and organization based on well thought out and sensable guidelines.
When this policy is effective, do not forget that they also improve the quality of life to European citizens.
Don’t forget to provide greater considerations on the islands of the EU and remote regions. The geographic location is confusion of economic and social development. Of course, if you want to build bridges or underwater tunnels that connect to Europe mainland.
Closed, I want to point out that the structural policy needs a greater flexibility So they can adapt to change the situation and to the new challenge and opportunities of new millennium, we hope best.
Mr. President, a few important observations, including the s report undoubtedly of the shredder, I want to celebrate it. However, we believe that we should consider a little more about the results of real direction and local policy.
Quite, the structural policy does not easily issue of mass unemployment in any way, rather it aggravates it.
The agricultural economy and agricultural areas have not been deteriorated by existing local policies that have dramatic results in the employment level of rural areas, especially in the living conditions of farmers in the south.
Local disputes are much more displayed within the member country.
If you check the data presented on the 6th regular report, you can see that the last 10 years witnessed the local disability vote.
Small consideration, in all cases, is given as a good problem facing the island area. The lack of structure, transportation, communication and energy results on their gradual depopulation.
The economic and social policy of the Union is due to accusation of its local policy.
The large section of the population of the Union has strongly agreed this policy to be hazardous and anti-turf rooted.
Unfortunately, the new guideline is in the same direction, and there is no sign to change it once.
President, I say a few words to highlight two points in this report of the basic strategic significance on how we can see the Union.
The first is the basic, central importance that we continue to give to the principle of the harmony of economy and society.
We are concerned to listen to news that the committee is taking this goal less seriously.
We are still one of the basic goals of the Union.
Secondly, I already agree to what I said about the issues of the island and I also want to bring the most out areas in your attention.
In the future, we would like to see a larger surrounding applied to the subject of the most external regions, such as my country, Azores and Madeira.
I would like to ask if the committee can tempt us about the reason for delay in the report of the Committee on the outside Earth waiting for a long time by the Parliament?
Former President, I would like to thank rapporteur, At least we will be included in the proposal reports we made.
Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson
However, in order to provide guidance on the contrary to their claims, the proposal of the Committee rely on a much larger range of catalogs of possible measures within the scope of various policy areas.
None, their true objective is to give direction and lay priority.
This website is dedicated to the app. We created this site for the purpose of providing genuine apps and games. 4AppsApk.com is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
I especially in order to ensure the level of private sector engagement that my group is appropriate for the planning and implementation of the project, the amendment proposed by paragraph 10.
I have to thank you very much, Mrs Schroedter, if you actually involve this proposed revision in the part related to the subsidiaries of positive deliberations.
President, Currant, at the Board of Labor and Social Affairs, we have been an important part of strategic significance and priority, and we are working for a better opportunity for equitable and equitable matters between men and women due to the concerns of priorities to supporting the intervention of the structive and lawful funds.
Unfortunately, excellent Schroedter reports did not have an account of this crisis, Despite the fact that we can see in Berend reports later - in fact, this fund has been providing support to steal the planet behind the back to bridge the panic that separate them from the most highly developed regions of Europe.
They grow but only in terms of GDP.
They increase in competitions, but they all have still differences in employment opportunities between the department because they have no increase in employment.
The Commissioner reads the opinions of committees for employment and social work, and treat it as a priority because it is the biggest issue of our citizens.
In account, in a strategic perspective, in the assignment of correction and employment, because of this, it is essential to essentially structured funds and collision funds.
President has become a guideline head in the right direction and to ensure the effect of the program of 2000-2006 in the seventh year of the year they are important, especially for women and young people, and the balance is struck between economic and social policies and local policies.
It is especially important to address a serious problem about urban areas, rural areas employment, agricultural areas and the islands of the European Union and the Greek islands, of course, constitute half of the islands of the treaty, the provisions of Article 158 of the Treaty.
The Cohesion policy should be further strengthened because Europe can not believe or inevitably live in the earth.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I want to listen carefully to comments and express my great interest, Some of the occasional critics and suggestions were made in the report reference and speech of Mr Schroedter.
All people understand, Mr. Schroedter, ladies and gentlemen, time-limits related to the reason - and I come back at this point at this point - because there is no time limit or delay, we discuss about this report now, as the representative of the committee, I started the current new local programming, considering that the report was issued at the opportune moment in connection with the instructions for 2000-2006.
This website is dedicated to the app. We created this site for the purpose of providing genuine apps and games. 4AppsApk.com is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. All rights reserved.
So, ladies and gentlemen, I want to return to the role and structure of the guide line before you mention the main opinion and criticism, Mr. Schroedter, and various members of this house, made.
As for the role and structure of this guideline, Hatzidakis, Mrs Schroedter and Mrs McCarthy mentioned that the purpose of these guideline supports national and local authorities. Structure Fund goals 1, 2 and 3 and their links with Cohesion Funds.
This means deliver the priority of the committee, and based on the past experience in the implementation of the program, and the current community policy related to the structured operation.
The objective is to contribute to the better use of these priorities, Optimal and efficient use, as you want, some of the community engagement, including, Mr Bradbourn, use, if necessary, performance reserves to encourage optimal and efficient use of European public capital.
When I speak optimum utilization, I see both in the country and the local level. And, Mr. Seppänen, I also mention at this point, speaking at the national level, linking with Cohesion Fund.
This is the purpose of this guide.
For content such as female and shrines, shrines, shrines, shrines and shrines in this house, they are very clear, but at the same time, very passionate, I understand her presentation now.
The first priority is to improve the competitiveness of local economy to create in all sectors, However, especially in personal sectors, Mr Berend said, as the number of serious, value and permanent jobs, the competitiveness of the local economy, especially of all local economy, Mr Evans, that Wales, as well as Wales.
And, because there are some things, you have pointed out that it is only discharged, Let me also add the European regional economy by hand to your own distance from the center, they are remote areas, island areas or, of course, the farest areas, nature, the farest.
Perhaps I asked Ribeiro e Castro this, namely, because I wrote in each president of this farest area, the committee had actually asked some attention extension before posting an expected report.
Concerning the farest area, it was very belatedly we received memorandums from various governments, However, this is not true, About Us
We should therefore consider this memorandums and produce extreme thorough pieces of work.
I myself participated in the meeting of the farest region within 23 November and college, we believe that we need a few weeks before processing appropriately with very serious problems and producing reports that can live in the farest area expectations. Thank you for your understanding of this problem.
So the first priority, the competitiveness of the local economy.
Second priority, you stress, Mr. Fuerta certain, but there were other people, I do not mention any order of priorities, especially to increase the profile of human resources, strengthening social practices and employment, much more than the past.
Women and gentlemen, we are now observing that the EU has a less dispute between the country and proves the effectiveness and value of Cohesion Fund, but at the same time, in relation to the unemployment - you wrote, Mr Schroedter - an increase gap exists between 15 or 20 rich regions and 15 or 20 most poor regions. This is the situation, it should be unjustifiable and aslerable.
In Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe
The third objective is to develop urban and rural, within the scope of the balanced terrorism policy. In fact, the instructions take two horizontal principles into account.
The first is Rural development, let me say, Mrs Schroedter, I have a problem of sustainable transport in rural development, and I have a long time personally related problem. I especially remember time when the Minister of Environment in my country.
The second principle is not only an equal opportunity for men and women, but also the context of the European strategy for employment and economic and mosquito mortal union.
Finally, and in order to respond to the concerns you expressed at this home, especially yourself, Mr. Schroedter, in these guides we offer maximum opportunities for the definition, development or redevelopment of importance and integration strategies, all priority, measurement down and decentralization partnerships. You expressed some concerns about how to see the lack of reference for this partnership, but there are clear references on the page 5 of the guide.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you browse our website. This cookie is essential to perform the basic functions of the website, therefore it is stored in the browser. In addition, we use third party cookies that help you analyze and understand the use of this website. This cookie is saved to your browser only. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
This guideline is the reason to present on the subject. This guideline is considered according to each scope of each goal and may vary depending on the specific situation of the member country and region.
I would like to simply respond to a few of the comments you made, Ladies and gentlemen, and first on the procedure.
The consultation with the Parliament is only late date.
When the guideline is adopted by the commission, in the form of the draft in February 1999, in line with a new procedure to make a comment on this text, my predecessor, Mrs Wulf-Mathies, immediately announced on the Parliament.
The election of the European Parliament took place around this time, but the parliament was not able to perform the inspection of this guide after it was expressly adopted in July 1999.
In this chamber, ladies and shrines, among you, I only convince you in negotiations for the program started - Mr Hatzidakis asked about this question - As a member country concerned, your observation will definitely be considered.
And let's convince more, when the panel adopts instructions with calling middle term review in mind, in line with the rule, then the point of view of this house, also will take as an account.
Now in the form. In the subject of the role of the guideline, Mrs Schroedter, pointing out what the instructions for the number of European purposes, often need to provide very accurate things.
I will not list all of them, However, they include intersectoral policies in the use of public funding to assist various partners in the picture together with local or national programs, which implement increased efficiency.
The committee has these attention, but these guidelines or these questions are associated with other documentation, such as guides on the reform of the structure fund or methodology work documentation.
Close drawing, I want you to focus on many challenges of reiterated, Mrs Schroedter.
I think, for example, these guidelines are not specific enough to their recommendations.
Insist that your report should be seen in the context of the last spring negotiations.
The committee maintains the actual text of Article 10 of the Structure Fund Regulations, and the goal of this guideline is to provide a member country that provides a wide range of indicator guidelines for relevant and agreed community policies. I really quoted the text itself in the quote table.
In addition, the guideline cannot replace programming or pre-ante evaluation. You must be a tool used to specify the priorities and the effects of these programs.
Schroedter, a section of the instructions related to urban and rural development, pointing that the urban development was not considered.
I find the opposite. Check the significance of the committee, and will hold on the city dimension of our cohesion policy.
I recently say all the ministers responsible for urban policy in the meeting on tapper.
In connection with the Rural Development, Redondo Jiménez is in line with two goals related to environmental and the Rural Heritage Protection in Europe, as well as the powerful agricultural sectors that increase competitiveness compared to rural areas.
However, the instructions below the discussion emphasize that it is related to the structure fund. In other words, goals 1 and 2 are firstly adopted the diversity of the rural society.
And in fact, in the subject of the balance of the countryside society, do not forget that we also have a new Rural Development Policy co-founded by the EAGGF Guarantee Section, which promotes reform in Europe agriculture and supporting multi-function aspects of agriculture.
In this step, I would like to see the EAGGF Guidance section is integrated into Objective 1 local programming.
In some cases, I appreciate the violation of the Board for Agriculture and Rural Development in this matter.
France, Austria, Germany, especially in the past few weeks, should speak to Savary, who will have special arguments to the results of the stolen storm of France, Austria and Germany, at the same time we will discuss once again. Together with Mass de Palacio, we can draw back to the problem of oil spills affected by the coast of France.
I reserve the right, when you are authorized, between, you provide my own opinion, in a good range, in line with their recommendations for the work we can take to combat oil spills using objects 2.
I think the Commission will approve Objective 2 zoning plans for France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg. We have the right tools for working in the majority of regions that are especially affected by the storm.
In fact, this is my reason Private visit day after tomorrow was seriously disabled by the storm of the French department.
In conclusion, with thanks for your understanding, President, I would like to thank you, Dr. Schroedter, the quality of your work and committee, and tell me that I am very pleased, some differences in our evaluation of the role of the guide. We discuss this and I tried my perspective clearly.
This guideline is very satisfied with the support level provided by House. When installing this guideline, it was submitted to the member country when it was established.
This can now enhance the concept based on the number of good practice painted in our experience of 1994-1999 programs. When I program this augurs for effective cooperation between our two institutions, period 2000-2006, good joint work practice at this time, which is, Hatzidakis, covered by something: Observation of the code of act to connect our two institutions.
This is closed.
Voting takes tomorrow from 12 p.m.
Development of social and economic situations and alliance areas
More The entry is debate of the report (A5-0107/1999) instead of the Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism Council on the sixth cyclic reports for the community and economic situations and development of the European Union (SEC (99) 0066 - C5-0120/99 - 1999/2123 (COS).
This sixth cyclic report on the community and economic situations and development of the EU highlights the progress in this area after the publication of the fifth regular report.
I consider, but the mention of the actual fusion of the average area development level in Europe provides a somewhat over-simplified view of the situation, Unfortunately, this is often a message taken from the press and some speeches.
The committee report is generally replacing these observations, especially I mean the French overseas department, and indicates the social and economic situation of some regions of the Union that has a special interest in more generally means the farest regions.
In this respect, I adopt one of my revisions that the Regional Policy, Transportation and Tourism Commission calls to the Committee to encourage specific chapters to the next report on the special case of the farest region, and further specifically, to consider the impact of measurement to adopt in the new Chapter 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam.
Finally, in my view, the sixth periodic reports present an interesting argument from the point of the actual project for the European balanced sustainable development, especially when describing the importance of the relationship between the central regions of Europe and beyond.
Although the committee still does not express the fashion, its cyclic report shows urgent need to promote the development of the community’s landfill within the federal structure policy and the access range started by SEC.
The European Socialist Party Group of the Parliament agrees that Berend has just announced reports and his conclusion and the report that he celebrated the author according to the quality of his flexibility. Guarantee that other groups can integrate the revision of the committee.
It should be remembered, presently, the overall competitiveness of the European Union, in the general term, that 81% of the United States and this number will only be improved if only the number of our competitive units is improved, regional, and also improve. In addition, this is in time to need more of technology development, economic globalization and our problems, magnification and single currency, not only local businesses and individuals to compete.
The sixth report of the European Commission represents a very valuable conclusion.
I summarize two highlighted by rapporteur, one is positive and one negative.
The first important development was done in the region and social remedies across the Union, and the community fund was important, but it could be a factor to reduce local complaints.
Negative conclusion was more efficient to blend the GDP and productivity of the European Earth in harmony with its level of unemployment.
So you need to connect more closely to the structuring.
This commission is the first command of the coming period.
So, President, I ask my colleagues members to approve this report, and ask the committee as other speakers have done, so that they may conclude the conclusion of the sixth cyclic reports when they address programming for the period 2000-2006.
President, Commission, I like to thank rapporteur for his excellent job and take it as an account of suggested revisions.
The sixth regular report provides the basis for assessing the implementation of the local policy of the Union.
This report didn’t break growth despite all our efforts.
Very fast growth continues in central Europe.
The strongest regional centre also continues to grow faster than normal European averages, many Southern Europe and Northern regions have evolved significantly faster.
We now need a deep analysis of why the local policy does not produce the desired results in all regions.
Why bureaucracy or lack of notices occur due to interfering differences, long distances, too cold or too hot, poor populations and poor climate conditions?
The Union can respond to the challenge of global development in a way that less development areas can remain in part of its development?
It is also important to discover the effects of Union expansion. The development of structure funds and Union is farther areas.
If you have any questions, please contact us.
Some member states have violated the principles of the subsidiaries and cut the national regional fund when the local aid comes through the union.
This has a chipset in the result of local policy produced.
In the future, we also need to develop indicators So the measurement can be targeted at the right place.
For example, uncontrolled migration has not given enough consideration.
In this connection, too, the weight is given to the decimal importance of SMEs as force behind employers and local development.
It is absolutely essential to the company in areas that develop technology and know-how slowly.
Our group is the favor of adopting this report.
The Commissioner, the local policy of the EU, was now able to interpret, in any significant way, the existing difference in the income of our residents.
We have a serious situation in the EU today in the European Union and have a genuine link between unemployment and poverty, and the area proved by the fact that unemployment has reached an average of 23.7%, the worst affected area, unlike the lowest unemployment and petrol areas in 25 regions, the unemployment will reach 4%.
This situation should highlight the report approved by the Parliament, which can fight relative poverty and unemployment. For these purposes, you need to take measures such as proper use of structural funds, and are often subcontracted with modernization of centralized state policies and communications and communications systems, along with a specific goal that integrates minimally developed areas with Trans-European Rail Networks, along with modernization of national policies and communications and communications systems.
The European Union reserves the right to take measures to respect and develop the resources and functions of agricultural and fishing in these countries, particularly to create jobs for women and young people.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
President, Chairperson, Berend's report is accurate according to the question that the European Commission has decided to increase the competitiveness.
The purpose of propulsion of structural funds such as business creation, improve the quality of opportunities, increase the sustainability of employment and development, only refer to the passing.
This attitude appears to be implied to me. I also ask for a greater deal to highlight these points in the seventh periodic reports.
This does not mean that I cannot see the need for competitiveness, In particular, I myself is an entrepreneur in one objective area in Brandenburg of the German Federal Republic, and is only recognized of matters and interests of small and medium-sized enterprises.
In general, parallel temporary measures are introduced to Objective 1 Regions, which helps people set their business as a special program to support job creation measurements, women and initiatives.
There are no comments on the reviews.
If you only support the competitiveness of the enterprise, you can never be rewarded to link with economic and social development, Simply because there is no foundation for self-supporting rising in these objectives.
After all, the economic development alone economic development needs to make all the additional operations actually than the increase of the total 3% of the total domestic.
Focusing on all other exceptions to supply and demanding economic policy is not an answer.
Those seeking these policies must invest in extensions for most parts and less ranges.
If we have any opportunity to improve social situation in this field, it is essential to move by hand with demand-oriented economic policy.
The situation depends on a huge degree throughout the earth. In other words, what you need is the number of accompanying measures if everything is done there.
For example, it will be a measure for these job training, For more education, already reintegration of people except in the production process, for flexibilisation of working time and working time placement, bringing clear improvements on the integration of personal and social aspects and probably also to promote employment opportunities for women.
My compliment for rapporteur for his deep report.
The core goal of the structure fund is to strengthen the community and economic harmony between the community within the European Union.
By stimulating various investments, the EU strives to increase the GDP per capita and promote employment.
In the sixth periodic reports on the Earth, one draws hesitant conclusion that this incentive does not always have the desired effect.
Objective 1 The effort created to drive the GDP per Capita in the region is not always in this increase, In fact, satisfactory results during the period, certainly has been growing, economic for the past few years.
As shown by rapporteur, the effect of structural measurement, on the other hand, is minimal as employment is concerned.
Some reservations for the effects of Community aid are therefore called.
In addition, observation is a complaint between the area within the member country and sometimes more pronounced file a serious question.
Mr President, it should pay attention to national and local authorities especially in regard to employment. It, after all, they have most knowledge on earth falling from their remit.
To develop customized plans for relevant regions, if necessary, tying this with financial support, and higher revenue can be achieved.
Of course, this must be the ultimate goal.
We are committed to implementing practical details and implementations for members and communities.
At this point, it is probably more meaningful, in relation to local financial aid, say no more to the member country.
Depending on your country in the region, we can avoid a great deal of problems later.
Finally, I want to be interested in the location of Central and Eastern European countries.
The report is usually a long way in terms of GDP per European Union, especially in Capita.
It is an urgent situation to review current structural policies with many number of planning approaches of these countries in the predictable future.
If you take this opportunity to follow the examples of others and call the committee, you can submit the form again later.
The Vice President following the near scrutiny of this report cannot avoid the conclusion that the explicit purpose of the structure policy can be fulfil.
For example, the complaint between the area was increased than the reduction, but the sum of certain amounts between the member country was made.
Equally, the unemployment level in the worst affected area was dropped at all, and actually they rose in some cases.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Incorporating money from a joint fund and structuring funds weren’t have the desired effect in all regions and countries.
In order to reduce unemployment, it will increase the competitiveness of the area by proper measures such as research and development, improvement of infrastructure and increasing the level of education, which will not be suitable to improve the competitiveness of one or region.
Real structural reform and competitive-friendly tax policy is the cornerstone of successful economic base.
Instead of seeking cost-effective structure policies that do not do anything to improve your business situation, that action should be analyzed so far.
We will be able to say that we are successful when we manage when we create a lack of structure policies and have a significant reduction in unemployment rates.
President, Commission, My audits determine that the European citizens have succeeded in our work because they move to rapporteur to handle this very important report, and develop in social and economic situations.
This issue affects daily life is an important issue in relation to EU’s reliability.
It claims that the European Union has already assisted, and I will say quite magnificent, the development of poor countries.
I remember that Portugal and the Greeks are as if they are thoroughly done through that country several years ago.
In this connection the French speaker is the couper de chapeau: namely, I have my hat to the EU.
EU really deserves the same gesture, but the difference in rich and poor regions within the country is still too great.
What is the result?
People respond by their feet and votes and where they can get crude oil.
So, we need to build a whole infrastructure for the same people in countries such as school, hospital and.
This is very cost and it also causes very great social problems.
Most people, however, wanted to live in the area they were born, if they gave the opportunity to do, in other words, there worked.
We need to provide this opportunity.
This is the moral duty of both EU and us.
I see it, clearly belong to the entrepreneurship.
by entrepreneur I do not simply mean ownership of business, But it will make. I mean that a person wants to get from life, he or she is a staff, business or owner of the formula.
What is a fair society?
In the moment background, someone can make life small for their children to get in life.
This method is also possible to develop the local positive. When people start business and have a chance to work.
Finally, I will say we can learn lessons in the United States, The hard work is still a fashion and success is a sign of ability and not an object of envy, it is often in Europe.
Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson, Chairperson
First, let the statement of the fact: the fruit of the growth is not equal within the Union. The farest regions, still hit hard by catastrophic unemployment rate, and offer one view of this.
For example in Reunion, the ratio is 37%.
However, it is not a situation related to economic climate. Since it is rather structural problem, our remote, our inertia, short, our own specific nature.
The principle of certain, exception treatment was described for the Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam to handle the same case. We will do our best for you.
In December 1999, the commission document is delayed until January, and the initial accident does not fill much optimisation.
I am officially appealing to panels and panels.
Actual measurement of letters by tax, national aid, rescue fund and defense of our traditional products, daring and ambitious should be planned as a problem of emergency. If not this material, unfortunately, convergence and convergence will remain more than our words, And fearing that the structural policy lacks in our region is lacking, despite the size of the devoted amount, ends with failure.
With all previous speakers, President performed, I would like to turn to celebrate with Mr Berend to celebrate him on the quality of his report.
As with previous reports, this extremely competent and accurate analysis, recommended it will be helpful in supporting and your own opinions, ladies and shrines, general committees and when we participate in the programming of inappropriate for 2000-2006 this time will be helpful in the Board for local policy.
I also have some opinions on ratings made with this sixth regular report, first, Mr Berend.
I have read and write the quality of the report. If you do not have mistakes, we have shown real improvements in comparison with previous reports.
Instead of all the formulas of the panel and my predecessor, Mrs Wulf-Mathies, I need to alert us by yourself and tell us about the evaluation we made of this house.
The committee was quite uneasy, Mr Berend, this sixth regular report was conducted and the threshold was crossed in terms of quality of the analyses submitted to you.
I am a certain idea of the content of the chapter 2.1 of this report, the committee attempts to review more economic definitions of the local competitiveness and analyze the scope that this competitiveness can be supported, improvements and influences by factors - Mr Markov, now, and Mrs Raschhofer - were stressed with very strength.
We believe investing directly from technology research and development, infrastructure offering and quality, human resources potential, small and medium-sized enterprises and overseas.
So much for quality.
I don't want to spend time right now, Mr Berend, go to details about my opinion of the general point that your house has already ended. Let me just item: The first point concerns the utilities of this report that draws the priority of a new local policy for negotiations in the member country and programming document.
Secondly, partnerships, you are the number of stress, the role of local and local authorities, both of the private sectors, industry, associations and community activities groups.
About this problem of cooperation, I will compete extremely to ensure the period of structural fund rules is applied properly.
Thirdly, the need to develop the employment side of the growth, though I know, said to Mr. Van Dam, the main responsibility is the member country, when we say about the responsibility of the member country, and actually the usefulness or effects of this local policy, we should clearly set any kind of period we work.
Mr. Fruteau said that the fruit of the growth has been disposed unplanned.
Mr. Fruteau, we need to recognize that it is at least growing, and we were in the past.
You do not affect all of your growth or lack of situations. I agree to your analysis.
When growing, it should be better distributed, But a lot harder and more seriously affecting areas affecting by their remote, they are most remote or island areas, generally lack of character growth for the last two decades.
4thly, Hedkvist Petersen is now stressed and promotes opportunities policy equivalent to women and young people.
The fifth, the importance and role of small and medium businesses. Mr. Vatanen is the most powerful now represented.
Finally, a positive effect on the state management of the administration system of the Rescue Fund, the motivation of the official to manage this fund, sometimes complex, and once again the importance of improvement in the procedure for assessment, follow-up and supervisory committee.
In this relationship I need to tell the European Parliament. The European Parliament of my intention to organize halfway for 2000 was a national and regional authorities and seminar on evaluation of procedures for good practice in the management of the structure fund.
I would like to mention some specific points.
Mr Berend expresses that zoning should be implemented quickly.
Well, we are coming at the end of the steering stage. Tomorrow, the panel decides to matter for four more countries and very quickly, I hope, will be s turn of Italy.