Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament interrupted Friday, 17 December 1999, and I would once again wish you a happy new year in hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period.
Although, as you have seen, the feared 'millennium bug' failed to realize, still people in a number of countries have suffered a series of natural disasters that were really scary.
He asked for a debate on this subject over the next few days during this partsession.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute of silence, as many Members have asked, on behalf of all the victims concerned, in particular those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
Please get up, then, for the silence of this minute.
(The House rose and observed a minute of silence)
Madam President, in order.
You will be aware of the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and Sri Lankan murders.
A very recently murdered people in Sri Lanka were Kumar Ponnambalam, who visited the European Parliament a few months ago.
Would you, Madam President, write a letter to the President of Sri Lanka who expressed the regret of Parliament for yours and other violent victims of Sri Lanka and urge you to do everything possible to seek peaceful reconciliation in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr. Evans, I feel that a kind of initiative you just suggested would be entirely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I will do as Mr Evans suggested.
Madam President, in order.
I would like your advice on Article 143 to concern inadmissibility.
My question concerns something that will come on Thursday and then I will rise.
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes is presented to Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 which should introduce a form of sanctions for countries which do not meet their fleet reduction targets each year. It is said that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and that the proposal to subvert is legally inadmissible. I should like to know if we can raise such an objection to what is simply a report, not a legislative proposal, and if that is something I can do properly on Thursday.
This is precisely the time when we can, if you wish, raise this question, that is, Thursday before the start of the report.
Madam President, in conjunction with the first part of this year's European Parliament, a date was set, unfortunately for the next Thursday, in Texas in America, for the execution of a young 34-year-old sentenced to death. We'll call him Mr Hicks.
At the request of a French member, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been made, which many people have signed, including myself. However, I ask you, in accordance with the line which is now constantly followed by the European Parliament and the whole of the European Community, to make statements, using the weight of your prestigious office and institution which you represent, to the President and Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order an execution stay and to abducte the condemned person.
This is all according to the principles we have always supported.
Thank you. Mr. Segni, I will gladly.
In fact, it is quite consistent with the positions which this Parliament has always adopted.
Madam President, I would like to draw attention to a case in which this Parliament has always expressed an interest. It is the case of Alexander Nikitin.
All of us here are pleased that the courts have acquitted it and have clarified that even in Russia access to environmental information is a constitutional right.
Now, however, you have to go before the courts once again because the prosecutor is attractive.
We know that, and we have stated a lot in many resolutions, especially during the last plenary session last year, that this is not only a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and betrayal because of our involvement as beneficiaries of his results.
These results are the basis of European programmes for the protection of the Sea of Barents, and that is why I ask you to examine a draft letter which defines the most important facts and to make Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions it adopted, clearly with regard to Russia.
Yes, Mrs. Schroedter, I will be happy to examine the facts of this case when I have received your letter.
Madam President, I should like first of all to congratulate you on the fact that you have kept your word and that, during this first part of the new year, the number of television channels in our offices has actually increased considerably.
But, Madam President, my personal request has not been met.
Although there are now two Finnish and Portuguese channels, there is still no Dutch channel, which is what I asked why the Dutch here like to be able to follow the news even when we are sent to this exile site every month.
That is why I ask you once again to ensure that we also get a Dutch channel.
Mr Gorsel, I can tell you that this question is on the agenda of the Wednesday quaestors meeting.
It will, I hope, be examined in a positive way.
Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation it passes?
Why has no air quality tests been done on this particular building since we were elected?
Why hasn't there been a meeting of the Health and Safety Committee since 1998?
Why has there been no fire drilling in the buildings of the Brussels Parliament or in the buildings of the Strasbourg Parliament?
Why aren't there fire instructions?
Why haven't the stairs improved since my accident?
Why are non-smoking areas not applied?
It seems absolutely unfortunate that we pass legislation and do not adhere to it ourselves.
Mrs. Lynne, you're right and I'll check if that wasn't done.
I would also like to refer the matter to the College of Quaestors, and I am sure that they will be eager to ensure that we comply with the regulations on which we vote.
Madam President, Mr Díez González and I had tabled questions on some of the Vice-President's opinions, Mrs de Palacio, who appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The competent services did not include them on the agenda because they had been resolved in a previous session.
I would like to ask you to reconsider, because this is not the case.
The questions mentioned above referred to the intervention of Mr de Palacio, on another occasion, and not to these observations appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr. Berenguer Fuster, we'll check everything.
I admit, at the moment, the matter seems quite confusing.
That is why we will take care of it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be.
Madam President, I would like to know if there will be a clear message from Parliament this week on our dissatisfaction with today's decision rejecting the arms embargo in Indonesia, considering that the vast majority of this Parliament has approved the arms embargo in Indonesia in the past?
Today's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there.
Parliament should therefore send a message, since this is the desire for the vast majority.
It is irresponsible that EU Member States refuse to renew the embargo.
As we have said, the situation is extremely volatile. There is, in fact, a risk of a military coup in the future.
We don't know what's going on. So why should EU arms manufacturers profit from innocent people?
In any case, this question is not currently included in the current and urgent debate requests on Thursday.
Agenda
Madam President, the presentation of the Prodi Commission's political programme for the whole legislature was initially proposed by the Group of the Party of European Socialism, unanimously approved by the September Conference of Presidents and which was explicitly welcomed by President Prodi, who reiterated his commitment to his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because the Commission is an organ with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and, therefore, called fundamentally the political and legislative activity of Parliament for the next five years.
I would also like to point out, Madam President, that Parliament has voted to express its trust in President Prodi during the previous legislature. He did this again in July, and then in September, he voted once again to approve the whole Commission.
That is why the Commission has had enough time to prepare its programme and for us to know it and explain it to our citizens.
To this end, I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September which recommended that the proposal be submitted as soon as possible.
The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents, that the Conference was simply used to corrupt and ratify the decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma. Or the Commission is not ready to present this programme, in this case it should clarify it.
According to his president, he can do it.
As the Commission is represented by the Vice-President of Palacio, I believe that before voting, it would be helpful if the Commission could let us know how ready it is to present this programme as agreed. Alternatively, Parliament is not ready to examine this programme, as some seem to suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would imply the failure of Parliament in its duty as well as the introduction of an original thesis, an unknown method which is to make the political groups aware, in writing, of a speech on the Commission's programme a week before - and not a day earlier, as it had been agreed - bearing in mind that the legislative programme will be discussed in February, so we could renounce the debate, since the next day our citizens will feel on the Internet.
My group believes that, since a parliament is intended to listen, discuss and reflect, there can be no justification for this delay and we believe that, if the Commission is ready to do so, we still have time to reestablish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in such a way as to fulfil our duty to our fellow citizens.
The proposal from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, which you mentioned, is that the Prodi Commission presented its legislative programme on Wednesday, including its proposal for administrative reform, because otherwise we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: Mr President, I should like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent report.
Therefore, Madam President. — I ask you to ask the Commission to express your opinion on this subject and to proceed with the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Madam President, I am really amazed at the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo and the fact that it is now asking for this point to be placed on Wednesday's agenda.
Barón Crespo, could not participate in the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I'm not criticizing this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr Hänsch represented it on this occasion.
At the Conference of Presidents we had a thorough discussion.
Your group was just to support what you are saying now.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
As you know, every president has the same number of votes as his group.
There was a vote on this subject. As I recall, the outcome of this vote was 422 votes at 180 with few abstentions.
This means that all groups except non-members - but of course they are not a group - agreed; only your Group thought we should proceed as you proposed here.
All the others were of different opinion. That was the decision.
I would now like to comment on the matter.
We have confidence in the Commission and Romano Prodi and, after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, the vast majority of our Group supported the vote of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan should be debated in an appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement by the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted in the Commission and describing this programme during the five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Commission will present its programme for the year 2000 in February.
We have said very well if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme in January, we will do so in February.
We agree.
Secondly, the Commission does not want to fight with the Commission; If possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament must take the same path.
However, in Parliament we also have a role of vigilance with regard to the Commission and we must not agree with everything that comes from the Commission.
I would like to make a reasonable preparation for the debate on the five-year programme of our groups.
You cannot prepare yourself if you feel a statement in this Parliament and have no idea of its content.
This is why we recommend - and it is my impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - to keep the debate on the Commission's long-term programme until the year 2005 in February - and I hope that the Commission will accept a programme before then which it will propose - and that, at the same time, in February the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000 will be held.
The fact that the subjects are connected also suggests to keep together the debate on both programs. That is why my group strongly rejects the Socialist Group's proposal.
(Applause from the PPE-DE Group)
Madam President, I would like to make it clear that, above all, the Commission has full respect for the decisions of this Parliament and, among other things, the decision establishing its programme.
We therefore respect any decision of Parliament.
But I would also like to point out that President Prodi has committed himself to this Parliament to introduce a new debate, as Mr Barón Crespo reminded us, which in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme, on the vast areas of action for the next five years, namely, for this legislature.
Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September distinguished this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready and ready to hold this debate every time it is convenient and that we are ready to do it this week as we originally agreed, on the basis that it would be presented the day before in a speech to the parliamentary groups.
Therefore, Madam President. — I call the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
Madam President, I feel a series of socialist laughter.
I was told that the great sections of the Socialist Group were also eager to remove this item on the agenda, because the vote at the Conference of Presidents was not received by the working group of members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter.
I do not know whether this information is correct, but the EPP-ED Group, in any case, would be grateful if this article had been removed because Parliament has already dealt with this issue several times.
The decisions have also been taken against such a tax.
That is why my group is moving that this point is removed from the agenda.
Thank you. Mr. Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this request.
Madam President, first of all I would like to emphasize the lack of logic of Mr Poettering. He has just preached to the Group of the Party of European Socialists because they have taken a perfectly clear decision at the Conference of Presidents, and now he's doing the same.
We discussed this issue and were unanimous, except for the PPE and ELDR groups.
As my colleagues will recall, I also said that it was not a matter of knowing whether one was to or against the Tobin tax, but of knowing whether one dared to know what the Commission and the Council thought.
It's not much to ask.
I therefore repeat the proposal to keep this oral question to the Commission and to the Council so that we can discover, once and for all, the positions of these two bodies on the relatively modest proposal, but that it would give a clear message to the public, especially after the tide of feelings generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We proceed to vote on the request of the EPP-DE Group that the oral question on capital tax is withdrawn from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the request with 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions)
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for the publicity of this debate.
Thank you so much.
Madam President, has my vote been taken? I wasn't able to vote electronically, since I don't have a card.
My vote was favorable.
If we add the two Members who have declared themselves, then the result of the vote would be. .
Madam President, the Presidency has already declared the outcome of the vote.
There is no room for amendments.
Madam President, in the previous vote - and I shall refrain from your decision on this subject - on the question of the strategic plan of the Commission I indicated that I would like to speak in advance of the vote on behalf of my group. It didn't happen.
I would like to thank you for the fact that, at the end of this matter of affairs, I could be authorized to give an explanation of the vote on behalf of my group.
It's important. It would be useful for the record of Parliament to indicate how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their political analysis.
President. — Question No 3, by Mr President,
You didn't even call me.
I am sorry, but the vote has already been taken and the decision is taken to leave the matter.
I am very sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. I didn't see you asking to talk.
I believe that the positions are quite clear and will be inserted in the Minutes.
When we adopt the Minutes for today's sitting tomorrow, all Members who believe that the positions have not been explained quite clearly can ask for amendments.
That seems to me a viable solution.
Of course, the minutes of tomorrow's sitting will take account of any additional explanations.
I think this is a better solution than to make extremely expensive explanations of votes.
Mr. Cox, Mr. Hänsch, would you be acceptable to you?
Madam President, if the vote correctly shows how my group voted, I cannot object to this.
If your decision is that I cannot give an explanation of vote, I accept it, but with reservations.
We must pay particular attention to the formulation of the minutes, as we always do, of course.
If you do not correctly reflect the positions adopted, then we can correct them if necessary.
(The business order has been amended)
Safety consultants for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonization of the examination requirements for safety councils for the carriage of dangerous goods by road, rail or road (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD).
Madam President, we cannot and must not accept the fact that we feel more and more often accidents that cause serious damage to our roads, but also on our railways and navigable routes, not only but at least partly because those involved do not take seriously the transport of dangerous goods or because - because of ignorance or lack of training by drivers or other managers of the various vehicles - a minor accident has become too often a serious disaster.
As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as, I believe, all of us, of the catastrophe that has cost so many human lives last year in the Tauri tunnel, where the next work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel that had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at enormous expense.
The renovation project, lasted months, cut this important route between the north and south of Europe.
The traffic that had to be detoured because of this has stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
In fact, all hell has dissolved in some municipalities of my province.
Prevention must be our response to disasters of this kind and this draft directive is an important step towards the availability of well-trained security consultants, so that the right action is taken in good time.
We must not be content to impose European law to ensure greater security.
We must also follow it and ensure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and, more importantly, we must ensure that they are applied later.
Please do not be another sector where we must complain about the lack of application.
I would like to address one last point.
We must not be content to seal another hole in the safety net and to close our eyes to the fact that, when it comes to transport safety in Europe, there is still much more to do.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is with us today, to present an appropriate text as soon as possible in order to continue to make it safer for traffic to the transit tunnels in the future, so that we in Europe must not experience such disasters on this scale.
Madam President, I should like first of all to thank Mr Koch for his report, which he has in his heart the question of transport safety. The report examines the question of harmonising the examination requirements for safety consultants working in the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and waterway.
I congratulate him for his excellent relationship.
The safety of transport has unfortunately been in recent news: the Paddington railway accident in London, the terrible railway accident in Norway, the two aviation accidents involving EU citizens and the natural disaster involving Erika off Brittany - all in the last four months - remind us that the safety of transport can never be granted for granted and that those who are responsible for protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified.
The rapporteur pointed out to Parliament that in its common position the Council accepted six of the ten amendments tabled by Parliament at first reading and that the substance of the other amendments to Parliament was maintained.
My group will therefore support the common position and expect the implementation of the legislation which will provide us with another instrument in our struggle to make transport more secure in the European Union.
As regards safety, my Group will always support all the initiatives aimed at improving transport safety.
We still have a lot of work to do in this area, as recent events have shown.
Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would first of all like to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for its proposal.
We are concerned about the harmonization of the examination requirements, but also, in fact, with minimum requirements. This is a sin, in a way.
Needless to say that safety on roads, railways and navigable routes is of fundamental importance and, given the international nature of these types of transport, training for safety consultants should also be harmonized, therefore, as well as the needs of the new ADR, for example, which is in progress.
This is important, but so is the application and there are, of course, a number of reasons why we must pay particular attention to this.
I think only of the road accidents that have occurred in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and some other countries where trucks carrying dangerous goods have continued to drive in bad conditions when they really should have gone away from the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe that moor adjacent to the ships here, with all the obvious risks that this entails.
Moreover, it has translated that the search in the ports in Belgium, Finland, but also in Japan has shown that 50% of the container with partially dangerous cargos are not delivered correctly for shipment.
In short, the problem is important.
If we look at the situation in which security consultants are concerned, in some countries it is mandatory to hire such security consultants in enterprises from 1 January this year.
There will be major problems in implementing this rule, especially with small businesses, as these cannot afford security advisers.
These small companies or dispose of their cargo or mix it with other loads, which causes problems.
ISO 9002 certificates are also required to include the finest details of these activities in the form of annual reports and business analysis.
The job is over. All that remains is the execution activity.
I'd like to mention a final point.
As regards the application, the countries of Eastern Europe must also conclude appropriate agreements because they will not enter into treaties dealing with this subject until 1 July 2001, i.e. in eighteen months.
This gives them a competitive advantage for the intermediate period.
This is in itself nothing terrible, but we must give priority in particular to the safety aspects of goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and incorporate them, within the Community acquis, as soon as possible and present them to the acceding States.
Madam President, the importance of transport safety is highlighted regularly in this Parliament and rightly.
The ever-increasing volume of goods crossing Europe entails all kinds of risks, known and unknown, for employees and the social environment.
Those facing these risks must therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant rules which have been laid down in another Directive, 95/35/EC, seem sufficiently appropriate to advise persons responsible for the organization of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very pleased that the agreement was also reached with the Council on minimum standards for examinations, although I would have preferred it if standard and uniform modules were established, so that certificates would be of equal value at international level.
This, however, does not seem feasible.
Finally, the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can therefore give my full support.
Mr President, I should like first of all to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which, although technical, are of great importance to safety.
I'd like to comment.
First, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on a fertile ground - so that greater attention will be paid to the question of safety, whether on the roads, on the navigable routes or at sea.
In view of the fact that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal for the first time on 19 March 1998, although Parliament responded relatively quickly, this time the delay is a little too long.
It is not just the Commission's fault, but I think we must act more quickly to achieve harmonization in this area.
My second point has already been mentioned: concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should work for greater flexibility and specific rules in the country.
However, when it comes to safety, I am rather skeptical because safety in Sweden, for example, is not in principle different from safety in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I ask the Commission to carefully monitor the situation.
If this type of flexibility involves inadequate regulation in some countries then we should work for greater harmonization.
My third point has already been mentioned.
As you know, as Mr Rack, I come from a transit country where this problem plays a particularly important role.
We do not want to worsen competition for certain countries unilaterally and improve them for countries like Austria or other transit countries.
But I think we should do everything we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum in all countries whether they are transit countries or not.
Mr President, I should like first of all to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Koch, on his magnificent work and his positive collaboration with the Commission for the improvement of the texts and for the presentation of this report and of this proposal; Finally there is only one amendment on the requirements for the aptitude examination of safety advisers in the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or by navigable.
We know that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and the Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy, and in particular the transport group, is magnificent.
The common position covers virtually all the amendments accepted by the Commission and harmonizes the minimum examination requirements for safety advisers and, second reading, we can accept the amendment on the proposed date, which is much more realistic than the one originally suggested by the Commission, taking into account that we have spent several years discussing this issue.
I would like to briefly thank the various Members for their speeches and tell you that security is one of the priorities of the Commission in the field of transport.
As Mr Simpson said, this is a process that we can never take for granted or consider as having come to an end.
The process of increasing safety margins and security guarantees in transport is a process that must be improved from day to day.
In this connection, I would also like to refer briefly to the problems of the tunnels referred to by Mr Rack and Mr Swoboda, who, in the case of Austria, is undoubtedly a very sensitive issue, and should be made a great effort to improve their safety.
In one of the worst accidents recently occurred, goods transported were not dangerous in themselves.
Margarine and a few pounds of paint that, in principle, do not present risks, have led to a real disaster.
Therefore, we will have to see how the requirements that guarantee the highest degree of safety can be further improved.
Finally, I should like to say that we must consider safety in all types of transport.
This week will be a debate on the safety of maritime transport, in the light of the disaster of Erika, and during this year we will have to discuss our objectives in terms of safety of air transport.
But I would like to say that security is a priority for the Commission.
As I will say in the debate on the Erika disaster, we do not expect a disaster to deal with the issue of security, but we also work when there are no such circumstances, which simply serve to demonstrate the urgency of an effective response to this kind of problem.
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially to the rapporteur, Mr Koch.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Transport of dangerous goods by road
The report (A5-0104/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending Directive 94/55/EC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the carriage of dangerous goods by road (COM(1999) 158 - C5-0004/1999 - 1999/0083(COD)).
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the directive on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the carriage of dangerous goods by road, which entered into force on 1 January 1997, contains a series of transitional provisions which are valid only for a limited period of time, the validity period is linked to the completion of specific normalization work by the CEN, i.e. the European Standardization Committee.
The delays in the work of the CEN make the application of this directive difficult.
In particular, the Annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments.
I'm sorry because we have to act because others didn't do their job.
In this connection, I accept this proposal for a modification of Directive 94/55/EC, which was presented today for the debate.
If the European Union does not act, then Member States would be required to amend their national legislation for a very short period until the CEN completes its work, which would cause unnecessary costs and uncertainties.
The amendment of the directive on the agenda of today therefore does not affect the existing harmonization of the transport of dangerous goods in the Community.
It merely extends the transitional rules by postal deadlines, eliminates the provisions which are no longer applicable, and establishes the procedures of a) carrying out ad hoc transport of dangerous goods and b) which involve less stringent national regulations, in particular for the transport of small quantities of dangerous goods within strictly defined local areas.
The amendment to the directive therefore fully complies with the principle of subsidiarity; Member States obtain more powers.
The Commission shall decide whether Member States may impose certain own rules. In this way, it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure.
The procedures for exercising these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were again defined in the Council Decision of June 1999.
The proposal to be debated today, to amend the directive on the carriage of dangerous goods by road, dates back to May 1999, and could not therefore take into account the last procedure for comitology.
Two of the amendments tabled and adopted unanimously by the committee refer to this amended comitology procedure.
I would like to make sure that we are already referring to the recitals and that the period within which the Council has to make a decision - which is not clearly formulated - is fixed at a maximum of three months.
In addition, the need for greater transparency has been stressed.
A further amendment allows Member States to impose more stringent requirements, especially for vacuum tanks, if work is done or goods are transported as a priority in temperatures well below -20o C.
This is the particular interest of the regions of northern Europe.
A final amendment is intended to ensure that tanks and tanks put into service between 1 January 1997 and the entry into force of this Directive can continue to be used provided they have been built and maintained in accordance with it.
I realize that this is only a small step towards greater transport safety, but I ask you to approve this report.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, a happy new and millennial year for all of you.
I am referring for the first time to this plenary session, so this is quite exciting for me, a bit like the first love, although this lasted more than two minutes.
I should like briefly to comment on the Commission's proposal to amend the directive on the carriage of dangerous goods by road.
It is good that this directive should be established now, as otherwise Member States should amend their national acts for a very short period, a transitional period, which would still mean unnecessary costs and would once again increase concern for the EU bureaucracy.
The Commission's proposal, however, does not take account of all the facts, such as the cold climate prevailing in the northern regions.
As a result, I have tabled some amendments to the intrinsically excellent report by Mr Koch, adopted by our committee.
My amendments concern jealousy assessments for oil tankers carrying these dangerous products.
According to the Commission proposal -20oC would have been sufficient. On the shores of the Mediterranean, it is difficult to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that.
There is also support for the EU in Lapland, so remember them.
I therefore proposed that the degree of frost be lowered to -40oC.
This would be necessary to maintain safety standards at the level that were in the northern regions previously.
I hope that my proposal will be taken into account in tomorrow's vote.
Mr President, with your permission I would like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way you have made the rapid change of the Presidency right now during the debate.
I thought it was pretty superb.
As regards the subject, I believe that European citizens must be sure that goods, however dangerous, are transported on roads, railways and so on, are as safe as possible.
This directive is a contribution to this.
What we're doing today is essentially a nuisance.
The rapporteur, Mr Koch, to whom we express our thanks for the work done in this field, has already emphasized that in practice everything could be a little more advanced if it had not been for the inactivity of the CEN, which was very dilatory in the elaboration and adaptation of the directive.
That is why we can only hope - and we must solve all this this week - that in 2001 we will finally have Community regulations for the transport of dangerous goods on the road so as to have some legal certainty here and also so that our roads are much safer.
Mr President, the report we are discussing does not mean major changes in itself.
Most of the proposed amendments are purely technical. However, it should be noted that, whenever we make this kind of decision, it is good from a broad environmental perspective and is beneficial because it creates better conditions to exploit the possibilities of the internal market.
The large quantities of dangerous goods are transported around the EU, both on roads and on railways and by sea.
This makes it necessary to have adequate standards for transport of this type.
In the sector after the area, we now have common minimum standards for Member States.
This is extremely positive, and there is reason to thank the rapporteur, Mr Koch, for the work he has done on this subject.
This is also important for the requirements of the internal market.
If we want to achieve a common transport market in a genuine and functioning way, it is important that not only there is a regulation, but also that these rules should apply, as far as possible, to each country.
I would like to conclude by commenting on a third matter of importance, namely an amendment tabled by Parliament, Mr Ari Vatanen.
In many ways, prerequisites differ from one Member State to another.
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he is a member of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
This also makes it necessary to take into account the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by this type of cold.
It is good that, in the definition of current regulations, we can also be flexible. I hope that the Commission will be able to accept the current amendment.
Mr President, I would like to thank not only Mr Koch, but also the Vice-President of the Commission for the clear and unequivocal manner in which they declared their support for transport safety and recognized it as a priority.
The reason why Mr Koch produced his sound report was that the work of the CEN and the United Nations Economic Commission was not going too far.
I would like to ask the Vice-President if he is able to tell us today what the state of play is about the efforts to harmonise these two organizations, and if the EU is able to speed up these efforts of harmonization, according to principles that are as simple as possible.
For one thing it is clear: even if we come to an excellent agreement within the European Union, traffic does not stop at our borders, it goes beyond them.
Therefore, there is certainly every reason to introduce wider regional provisions.
If the Commissioner is unable to do so today, will he be prepared to inform the committee in writing about how the questions are and what are the phase negotiations between the CEN and the Economic Commission?
Mr President, I should like once again to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report, which in a certain sense complements the discussion we held in October on rail transport.
We are all sorry that the European Standardization Committee (CEN) could not, at the time necessary, amend the provisions necessary for the harmonization required within the European Union.
This debate and the modification of the current directive allow us to incorporate differentiating elements that demonstrate the diversity of our Europe.
A moment ago, Mr. Vatanen told us about lower temperatures, not 20 degrees below zero, but 40 degrees below zero.
Of course, we accept that the amendment is absolutely right and I believe that we should incorporate specific circumstances that demonstrate the climate diversity of the European Union, which sometimes take the form of specificity and concrete requirements for the establishment of technical standards and characterizations.
I should like to say, with regard to Mr Swoboda's remarks on the CEN activity, that we invite them to speed up their work as much as possible because it would be terrible if, despite the new expiry, we found ourselves after a year and a little with the same difficulties because their work has not been completed.
Finally, Mr President, the basic problems which justify this amendment to the directive have been highlighted. We have referred to the delay of the CEN, the modification of certain provisions, the consistency between the text of the Directive and the content of the Annexes and the need for it to be more specific.
The Commission accepts all the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur, Mr Koch, which are contained in the various amendments, in particular four.
I therefore accept the four amendments proposed.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Structural Funds - Coordination of the Cohesion Fund
The report (A5-0108/1999) by Mr Schroedter, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the Commission communication in the field of the Structural Funds and on their coordination with the Cohesion Fund: guidelines for programmes in the period 2000-2006 [COM(1999)344 - C5-0122/1999 - 1999/2127(COS)].
Mr President, it is particularly welcome to make my first speech to the European Parliament on what is considered the most important issue in that part of the United Kingdom which I represent in this Parliament, namely Wales.
A major part of Wales, as you know, has achieved objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme.
It is clear that many people within Wales are examining the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties we face.
We have seen poverty grow in Wales; and grow even further since 1997. We saw the gap between rich and poor to widen.
We are therefore looking for the Structural Funds programme not only to see industrial restructuring, but also to improve the entire economic base of the Principality.
What is, however, deeply detrimental to us is the belief that somehow the granting of aid to the Structural Funds is something that has been, in a certain sense, a success of the government.
It is unfortunately only a recognition of the great difficulties that Wales must face.
That is why I want to emphasize some of the issues I think the Commission should have in the forefront.
We believe that the Commission is dealing with additional points.
We are dissatisfied that these figures seem to have been somehow hidden within the UK figures.
We also believe that there is adequate funding for projects.
Our concern is to challenge the United Kingdom Government to ensure that the private sector, which must certainly provide the main impetus for the expenditure of the Structural Funds, is involved in the planning phase.
Finally, we ask the Commission that the structural funds should be spent transparently.
Parliament is not transparent.
This is an area where I think the Commission can be a great friend of Wales.
Mr President, our committee considers these very different questions and, to begin with, I will speak from the point of view of research.
It is a very positive sign that, in its conclusions, the rapporteur took into account the proposal of our committee that the countries of the Cohesion Fund should expand research infrastructure by identifying universities and colleges in such a way as to serve those who live in undeveloped regions better than now and make it easier for educated people to remain in their home districts.
This will be possible by governments, and this decentralization of higher education will be an indisputably useful policy during development.
Another question we would like to address, in particular from the point of view of industrial policy, is that we would have liked the Commission to pay greater attention to the effects of services, electronic commerce and the increasing use of the Internet, when they were planning the coordination of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds.
Poverty and wealth used to depend more on livelihood.
The rich areas were those where there were jobs in industry, but today those areas could have become a burden, and could also be poor, which means that we must also invest in new industrial sectors such as electronic production, as I could call it, and the production of services, because they are the industries of the future.
In my opinion, the Committee on Budgetary Control did not take sufficient account of this, so on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Foreign Trade, Research and Energy, I would like to draw the Commission's attention to this.
Finally, as a Committee on Energy, we would like to emphasize even more the question of supporting renewable energy resources from cohesion funds and regional development, so, through a coordination process, the increase in the use of renewable energy so that the financing resources channelled into the energy programme could be compensated by these more substantial sums.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Schroedter for the work he has done on this and to explain to my colleagues that I am speaking for my colleague, Mr Flautre, who has followed this for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, but who is unfortunately sick.
I would like to draw the attention of people on Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which have been adopted by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism.
These amendments concern the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support local financial programmes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion.
In the past, this Parliament has considered the social economy as an important employment provider.
These amendments also fall within Parliament's opinion that social exclusion is a serious problem requiring constructive action.
We hope that those who consider the rejection of these amendments will have very powerful reasons to offer both Parliament and citizens seeking employment.
In his report, Mr Flautre also drew attention to an area where coordination is lacking, but desperately necessary.
The Commission's proposals concern the four pillars of the employment strategy and the five areas of action of the European Social Fund.
But the lack of specific guidelines is particularly deplorable, since the idea of linking social Fund assistance to the employment strategy will be implemented for the first time during the 2000-2006 programme.
It could be said that the omission gives the impression that even the Commission has no idea how to provide maximum coordination between the aid of the European Social Fund, subject to review after three and a half years, and the annual national plans of the Member States for employment.
We hope that the Commission will reassure us that this is a supervision that is now being treated constructively.
Mr President, Commissioner, the Commission's proposal, in accordance with its mandate, is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
However, I would like to point out that this starting point indicates the challenges that await us: to maintain a population in rural areas, given changes in all kinds of economic activity because of the growing lack of importance of agriculture among the various sources of income for rural society.
This, as well as shortcomings in infrastructure and services networks and a generally very low level of employment, which is also seasonal and lack of diversity, aggravates the exodus from rural areas.
The consequences do not inspire hope.
They are young people who are disappearing, who are getting an education and find work outside rural areas, which all have an adverse effect on those areas.
This lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle to business creation and job creation.
We must remember that rural areas are almost four-fifths of the European Union.
Agriculture provides only 5.5% of employment in the Union.
In addition, three-quarters of our agricultural workers are part-time and require supplements to their incomes.
For this reason, one of the most important and essential objectives we must define in the European Union is to commit ourselves to creating new jobs in rural areas, outside the agricultural sector, in areas such as rural tourism, sports, culture, heritage conservation, business conversion, new technologies, services, etc.
However, although the role of agriculture is not exclusive, it is still essential, not only to prevent economic and social disintegration and the creation of ghost cities, but also because farmers play a key role in land management, biodiversity conservation and environmental protection.
We therefore support the creation of an agricultural and rural development policy consistent with the objectives we have set. We want rural areas, at the dawn of the 21st century, to be competitive and multifunctional, both for agriculture and for opening up to the diversity of non-agricultural activities.
It is important to give priority to the general criteria for spatial planning and demographic balance, and to keep in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on the five fundamental issues, which were taken only partly by the Committee on Transport, Regional Policy and Tourism in its points 16 and 17.
In conclusion, I should like to ask the Commission to take these five points into account when establishing the conclusions on the four pillars because I believe that, for the European Union, maintaining the population in rural areas should be one of the priority objectives.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by thanking Mr Schroedter, rapporteur, for his work. I think this job was done very well.
I would also like to thank you for your willingness to enter into dialogue with the other political groups when compromise formulas are necessary to be reached in the face of this avalanche of amendments - and perhaps there are more than we expected - but which honestly reflect the importance of the report we are discussing.
It is important that the Commission take account of the conclusions adopted by Parliament, at least in spirit, because at this stage it might seem as if what we are doing here is a useless exercise, and nothing but hot air.
The truth is that we believe - and this is also demonstrated in the way in which the conclusions have been drawn up - that the Commission must take account of what has been adopted by Parliament, in particular in the face of an intermediate review of these directives.
In our amendment, we have affirmed the importance of the necessary synergies produced between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and the Community initiatives, so that their application is reflected, in the best and most profitable way, by the gradual elimination of disparities between regions and by the creation of jobs that, when everything is said and done, are the two central aims of the funds we are discussing.
To achieve a faster and more efficient drive to achieve these goals, we think that those who generate employment, real entrepreneurs and those who actually provide new sources of employment, i.e. entrepreneurs, must participate in this initiative.
The small and mediumsized enterprises, above all, must participate in the distribution of these funds.
If they do not, if entrepreneurs feel marginalized, if entrepreneurs cannot participate, not only in management, but also in receiving these funds, we will have lost the opportunity to achieve our goals faster.
Moreover, in order to achieve our objectives, to overcome the disparities between regions and to seek sources of employment, it is essential to give our full support to new technologies, transport and communication networks and renewable energies.
All this must be done - I repeat - with the participation of private enterprises, that, combining its efforts with those of public administrations, but completing them, never blocking or excluding them, will lead to the creation of wealth in society and in work.
Mr President, I think it is appropriate to remind my colleague, Mr Evans, why Wales has actually achieved objective status 1. It was because of the uncredited policies of its Conservative Party.
I would also like to remind him that when his party leader Mr Hague was Secretary of State for Wales, he broke every rule in the book on the additionality that led to a letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies regarding regulatory requirements.
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on the additionality of Objective 1.
I suggest that Mr Evans will come back and read the rules.
My group has made numerous amendments to both reports for today's debate.
I want to focus our mind on the essential role of guidelines. The aim is to provide a framework and a tool to support and improve economic regeneration, to achieve the most effective use of resources in the broadest partnership and to put these regions on the road to recovery and sustainable development so that they eventually come out of the regional machine to support life.
It is important to identify the skills and potential of our regions in the hi-tech sector. It is particularly important in the light of the media reports that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the United States in the technological growth industries of the future.
The operation of the previous programme cycle is also very informative in telling us which guidelines should not be about.
They should not be about creating additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape. It should not be a question of shifting priorities and policies halfway through the development of the project, resulting in unavoidable delay and suspension, in particular in the light of the new budgetary requirements.
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or another official, both in the Commission and in the civil service.
Internal coherence is needed in the direction of the Commission, in accordance with the specific local and regional aspects of the Commission's programmes.
The conclusion is that we must ensure that the guidelines are broad, indicative and flexible to assist our programme managers and fund users and to obtain the maximum potential from our new regeneration fields.
If we can inject a spirit of entrepreneurial activity in our poor and structurally weak regions, we will eventually bring them back to the road to attract substantial investor confidence, which will be the key to future success.
This is how we will judge the success of these guidelines: if EU regional policy with a good, solid, allowing a guideline, can open new opportunities and allow our poor and structurally weak regions to fully participate in the growth and prosperity of the EU.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to thank Mr Schroedter for an excellent report.
It has come to a certain extent and has taken into account many of the amendments tabled on this report.
The rapporteur also rightly stated that Parliament was not listened in time with regard to the guidelines.
We are very behind in this matter.
I hope that the stands which Parliament has taken will, however, contribute to the midterm evaluation of the programmes and their practical implementation.
For the moment, the report grew too big when it was discussed.
It contained details and issues already raised in previous reports.
At this stage it is more important to focus on assessing how we can use this process to guide the Union's regional policy, bearing in mind that the objective is to reduce regional inequality.
Our Group stresses the importance of the principle of subsidiarity, the responsibility of the Member States and the role of local actors in drafting and implementing programmes.
It is particularly important to involve SMEs in the planning and implementation of programmes.
Our Group also considers it important to take more account of remote and peripheral areas and wants to increase the interaction between cities and rural areas.
We oppose the excessive control of the central administration of the Union and its Member States and call for a reduction in bureaucracy which has rooted in the drafting and implementation of programmes.
Projects implemented with EU support have had an effect too often influenced by slow decision-making and complex administrative processes.
Funds have often been granted for projects which have not benefited from the sector concerned.
Projects must be made more efficiently, more flexible and more productive.
While the report was prepared, it was interesting to discuss the Union's regional policy in general.
For us new members, it was the first time, and this was a very interesting process.
This report is very good and our Group supports it.
Mr President, Commissioner, as proof that this Parliament has not yet exceeded its role as a consultative and subordinate institution, the excellent report of a colleague of my group, Elisabeth Schroedter, has not been able to reach the plenary session because the regional development plans for the 2000-2006 Objective 1 regions have been seated in the Commission offices for several months.
In this connection, the House should, in any case, ask that before the approval of the Community support frameworks for the period in question be studied and presented for the debate in this Parliament, in particular in the light of the guidelines we have presented today. This is because we believe that they are particularly able to create jobs in the poorer and less developed regions and will thus contribute to reverse the harmful trends towards inequality that exists in European society and towards a more just Europe.
Mr President, we must not forget that the main and strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion.
We are obliged to participate in drafting directives and also to evaluate their results.
We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of citizens of a Europe of citizens and not only in a Europe of States and regions.
We believe that the funds are a necessary but insufficient condition to achieve economic and social cohesion.
We may fail to use the gross domestic product per inhabitant as a single indicator.
Some speakers have already mentioned unemployment and the fall of the population.
We will have to study several indicators, which will allow us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others, and how they are evolving.
It is clear from some of the reports which have been tabled today at Parliament's plenary session that the 25 most prosperous regions in Europe enjoy a level of unemployment which is five times lower than the 25 least prosperous regions.
This means that the European Parliament, the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically.
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity, as we had reached the end of the parliamentary mandate - to discuss the directives.
But I don't think this relationship has come too late.
We must consider it together, so that the new Objective 1 programmes and regional development plans, which have been drawn up before the entry into force of the directives, can be submitted for review and proper evaluation.
We all agree that we should ask that, in the middle of these programmes, when assessing the directives, Parliament should play an equally influential role in the fact that we are the representatives of the citizens.
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is, at least in the face of bureaucracy.
They need to see the political dimension that works, to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with citizens.
This is what we ask the Commissioner today.
I would like to think that, given its previous experience of regional president, it will accept to propose indicators and a strategy that will favour economic and social cohesion and not only productivity.
Mr President, I support the main proposals for the report on the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000-2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following: There must always be an integrated approach to EU Structural and Cohesion Fund spending. This means that there must be a complete partnership between local authorities and national governments with regard to how these funds must be spent.
Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies to revitalize relations between cities and rural areas. This last point is of particular importance.
While urban renewal in our cities is very important, we must always find a balance in our policies between promoting rural development and improving the lives of the inhabitants of the city. We do not want to build only a Europe of cities.
I Structural Funds have played a key role in the development of both urban and rural areas in peripheral countries, mainly through road updating, water treatment and transport networks.
This process will continue in accordance with the guidelines for financial expenditure established by EU leaders at the Berlin summit last year, supported by Parliament at the May plenary session.
The main EU programmes between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped improve the economic competitiveness of the peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions in Europe.
The key is now to consolidate and make the progress made so far permanent. This would ensure that the peripheral countries and the outermost regions, the poorest regions of Europe, are able to operate successfully within the new euro area, as well as within an ever expanding internal market where there is free movement of goods, people, services and capital.
In conclusion, while key infrastructure projects have been supported by the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund, we must remember that the European Social Fund has played a very important role in helping our society's less well-being.
The Social Fund has certainly improved our third-level institutions, funded our post-leaving certification programs and implemented comprehensive programs to help fight youth and long-term unemployment, assist early school licensors and promote higher standards of adult literacy.
Mr President, on many occasions I do not agree with the rapporteur on his approach to regional policy issues. This time, however, I actually agree with her.
If this encourages you or not to continue along the same path, I cannot say. However, I would like to commend you on your work.
The second point I would like to make is that we would have preferred it if the guidelines had been added to the Rules of Procedure in the form of an annex, as we and Mr McCarthy, rapporteur for the General Regulation.
Unfortunately, it didn't happen. Mr Bernié is not to blame because it was the previous committee.
I repeat my concern about Parliament's position.
Thirdly, we agree broadly on the general guidelines, provided that we do not disagree with the comments we have made so far.
I am particularly supportive of the Member States, and I would like to draw attention to the Commission's emphasis on the problems of sustainable development, job creation and, more particularly, on equal opportunities and transport problems.
Personally, at least I am totally in favor of the guidelines.
As an insulator, however, I would like to express my dissatisfaction with the lack of recognition of the island's development.
It is not the first time that this question has not been given the consideration it deserves. This has been a constant concern for the five years I have been a member of this Parliament, and I have raised the problem again.
Mr Commissioner, let us continue to raise the matter, as Article 158(1) of the Amsterdam Treaty provides for an integrated policy for the islands.
Therefore, the Commission should address the problem once and for all.
It is time to implement the programmes, and so Member States should assume their responsibilities and carry out their work properly.
As far as Parliament is concerned, I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May.
I am absolutely certain that this code will be respected and that Parliament will continue to respect all the developments and details of the implementation of the programmes.
Mr President, Commissioner, I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Schroedter.
I know that many have already done so, but you have earned the praise to be particularly open and attentive to the proposals from all sides, and I think it is this opening that has given your relationship the quality we see today.
I congratulate the regrets you have expressed, namely that Parliament has been quite late in the day on these guidelines, because now the procedure for negotiations with States is so far advanced that I cannot see that this report has any immediate effect, which I think is a shame.
As a result, I believe that we must look to the future and establish guidelines for medium-term review in 2003, and therefore have an influence on the second stage of programming scheduled for 2003.
In short, I would like to say that we are entering the period when we are called to manage programming for 2000-2006, which must not be a routine period for the good reason that we have two great challenges to face.
The first is the harmonization of national development policies and regional development policies.
Subsidies are not enough to guarantee development when infrastructure and public services are lacking.
We have to ask a fundamental question: How can we ensure that EU policy is interlinked with national policies controlled for regional development?
The second challenge is that of enlargement, which will of course have a significant impact, both in terms of budget and geographical terms.
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to create and in which I ask him to involve us.
Finally, in this period of natural disasters, I would like to mention the question of the use of the structural funds.
As you know, it is up to each State to redistribute part of the total allocation.
Europe should not be completely absent, as states tend to want.
The public and the press today accuse us of not being available to answer, although we are going to finance a large part of national operations.
I think we should be able to say it loud and clear.
I also think we should ensure, or ask the Member States to ensure that there is some publicity on European aid whenever it is used to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents.
Mr President, the priority given to financial and monetary criteria strengthens the increase in inequalities in all forms and forms.
With regard to French planning experts, for example, the most probable scenario today is that of the impetus of regional disparities in each country.
I Structural Funds have helped to apply a brake to this process.
Our project of a Europe aimed at satisfying social needs provides for the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator. Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution tools such as the Structural Funds.
What we propose in particular is a unified capital tax, which would increase the funds used to support the harmonization of social protection systems and the reduction of working time at European level.
The Commission, however, is linked to the issue of guidelines, it does so only with reluctance and vaguely.
The report presented today restores its place in the political sphere. It is one of the steps towards a sustainable employment and development policy.
This is what convinces us to vote in favour.
Mr President, I would also like to congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent work.
Over the next few years, faced with the challenges of globalization and enlargement to the east, Europe, more than ever, will require an adequate detailed guide on how to plan and revitalize its economy.
To this end, Europe as a whole and every single Member State will have to use at its best all the available resources and capacities, including the Structural Funds.
This is why we need the European Commission not only good intentions, but clearer guidelines and a constant commitment to monitor how these resources are used by the Member States.
For example, in recent years Italy has had problems in the use of the Structural Funds, especially because of excessive bureaucracy, insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level.
There are therefore two points to which I would like to draw the Commission's attention.
First, we must make the best possible use of consultation as a means to ensure proper coordination and participation of all local and regional operators in decision-making, precisely to avoid imbalances and inequalities. Secondly, it is necessary to make administrative procedures simple and transparent, because they are too often unnecessarily long and complicated, to the point of hindering access to funds.
This is something on which small and mediumsized European enterprises, in particular, tend to complain.
I conclude, Mr President, by saying that the failure of the Commission's communication to focus on territorial pacts and, in particular, on methods of combating unemployment among women and young people, is a cause for serious concern.
Mr President, as my colleague, Mr Evans, is a special pleasure to stand up and make my first speech to this Parliament on this very important issue, especially because I represent a part of the United Kingdom, of the Western Midlands, which has so far benefited from Objective 2 funding.
But the report before the House is a first example of how, if we are not very careful, we can produce very great ideas that lack the substance to make them relevant to the people who benefit directly.
The relationship itself is well-intentioned, but, as often when we deal with these issues, there is no clarity of purpose and a solid basis for operability.
That is why I and my group propose three key amendments and additions to the text, not to remove anything from the proposal, but to make it more relevant to those who are there to guide.
I'd like to explain our thoughts here.
Firstly, we are concerned with the good use of the structural and cohesion funds.
The past experience requires that, like the elected representatives of the European taxpayer, we should, and indeed, demand financial probacy and transparency in the provision and audit of this money, hence our amendments and additions refer to achieving what is known as value for monetary indicators in the concession process.
Afterwards, we all see too much money spent on projects whose results will not necessarily be clear at the beginning of the programming period.
But at the intermediate point or end of that period there is no effective way of ending the project if it has not proved successful.
Our additions therefore require the provision of practical output strategies that can be implemented so that not only can we have the necessary insurance against the current costs that are often loaded on the taxpayer, but also avoid the syndrome well tried to throw good money after bad.
Finally, we ask for a change in the balance and method by which the funds are paid.
There should be greater involvement of the private sector which will introduce the financial reality as a perspective within the financing equation.
Also the type of project financed must be moved away from small projects based on revenues, which are difficult to monitor, towards the projects of capital where, in most cases, the benefits are there for everyone to see.
In this way, the need for transparency in the use of these funds and the temptation to exploit the local tax base in the areas in which these projects are located will be diminished and the European Parliament will demonstrate how seriously it takes the need for this reform.
If these amendments to the report are supported today by the Assembly, I believe that they will make us advance in the next phase of achieving the historical objectives that the funds have been created to achieve, that is to say to assist - financially sustainable - those disadvantaged areas of the European Union that must be brought to a decent standard of living, not giving a delivery but giving a delivery.
I urge the House to support these changes.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would also like to commend the rapporteur on his report, which is a meticulous and substantial work.
The European Union's structural and cohesion policies are undoubtedly essential to create the right conditions to tackle and reduce the levels of economic and social disparities between regions. Despite the steps taken so far, these levels are still very high and are unacceptablely high as regards unemployment.
These policy objectives can only be achieved through their careful coordination and organization based on well-thought and sensitive guidelines.
We do not forget that when these policies are effective, they also benefit from European citizens by directly improving their quality of life.
We do not forget that greater consideration should be given to the islands and remote regions of the European Union because their geographical position is an obstacle to their economic and social development, unless the Commission intends to build bridges or submarine tunnels linking them to the European mainland.
In conclusion, I would like to stress that structural policies as a whole require greater flexibility so that we can adapt to changing circumstances and thus respond to the new challenges and opportunities of the new millennium, for which we all hope to the best.
Mr President, Mr Schroedter's report undoubtedly contains several important points, and I would like to congratulate you on this. However, I think we should be a little more concerned about the direction and outcome of the Community's regional policy.
The structural policy in no way facilitates the problem of mass unemployment, but aggravates it.
The agricultural economy and agricultural regions were irreparably damaged by the existing regional policy, which had dramatic consequences on employment levels in rural areas and on the living conditions of farmers, particularly in the south.
Regional disparities are becoming much more marked in the Member States.
If we examine the data presented in the sixth periodic report, we will see that the last decade has witnessed a proliferation of regional disparities.
It is not a question, if necessary, of major problems faced with the regions of the island of the Union, whose shortcomings regarding the structure, transport, communication and energy of the infrastrucutres have led to their gradual depopulation.
The economic and social policy of the Union is as much to blame as its regional policy.
A large part of the Union's population has strongly condemned this policy to be dangerous and anti-erbated.
Unfortunately, the new guidelines seem to go in the same direction and there are no signs that things will change once they are implemented.
Mr President, I would like to say a few words to highlight two points in these reports which are of fundamental strategic importance to the way we see the Union.
The first is the fundamental and central importance that we continue to give to the principle of economic and social cohesion.
We are concerned with hearing news that the Commission is taking this objective less seriously.
We still believe that economic and social cohesion is one of the fundamental objectives of the Union.
Secondly, I agree with what has already been said about the islands and I would also like to bring the regions outside your attention.
In the future, we would like to see more ambition applied to the theme of ultraperipheral regions such as, in my country, the islands of the Azores and Madeira.
I should like to ask whether the Commission is able to enlighten us on the grounds of delay in the Commission's report on the outermost regions, which Parliament has long been waiting for?
Mr President, first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur, not least to be prepared to include in the report the suggestions we have made.
Mr President, Commissioner, the guidelines are designed to help Member States achieve the reform objectives contained in the programmes.
However, contrary to their claim to provide guidance, the Commission's proposals in this regard largely recall a catalogue of possible measures in the field of the various policies.
However, their true purpose is to give direction and set priorities.
I agree with the rapporteur that unfortunately the Commission document contains too few recommendations to the Member States on the simplification of administration, and I support invitations to negotiate to focus on the promotion of a favourable climate for high-intensive enterprises, small and medium-sized, on the definition of clear objectives for alternative sources of financing, including the provisions for risk capital and private financing, as well as on the aid to new technology in startup for enterprises including
I am particularly in favour of an amendment tabled by my group in paragraph 10 to ensure an adequate level of private sector involvement in the planning and implementation of projects.
I should like to be very grateful, Mrs Schroedter, if you actually included this amendment proposed in the part on subsidiarity in your positive deliberations.
Mr President, Commissioner, in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, we unanimously supported the criterion which was of strategic importance and a matter of priority to support the Structural and Cohesion Funds which are working for a better job opportunity for the unemployed and for equality between men and women.
Unfortunately, the excellent Schroedter report did not take account of this criterion, despite the fact that there are considerable evidence to show - as we will see later in the Berend report - as in fact, these funds are providing a splendid assistance to the backward regions to fill the gulf separating them from the most highly developed regions of Europe.
They're growing, but only in terms of GDP.
They are increasing in competitiveness, but not all are experiencing an increase in wealth because there is no increase in employment and there are still differences in employment opportunities between regions.
Mr Commissioner, please read the opinion of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and treat it as a priority issue, because this is the biggest problem of our citizens.
Take into account, in strategic terms, the revision and allocation of reserves, employment needs, because this is fundamentally what the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Funds require.
Mr President, it is important that the guidelines take place in the right direction and ensure the effectiveness of the programmes of the crucial period of seven years 2000-2006 so as to ensure sustainable development and job creation, in particular for women and young people, and ensure a balance between economic and social policy and regional policy.
It is particularly important to address serious issues concerning urban areas, employment in rural areas, aid to agricultural regions and equal development opportunities for the islands of the European Union and the Greek islands which, of course, include half of the islands of the Union, as provided for in Article 158 of the Treaty.
The cohesion policy must be further strengthened because a Europe which does not take full account of the living standards of its regions cannot be either reliable or feasible.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to express my great interest in listening carefully to the comments, criticisms and suggestions which some of you have just made in your speeches with regard to the report by Mr Schroedter.
At this point, Mr Schroedter, ladies and gentlemen, the reasons and time limits in question — and I will return to this point — and whatever the time limit or delay, since we are discussing this report at this time, as a representative for the Commission, I believe that the report has been issued at an appropriate time with regard to the guidelines for 2000-2006 as it is now that we are starting the new regional programming.
Schroedter, you have rightly pointed out that while it is up to the Member States and regions to define their development priorities, the co-financing of the European Union of programmes requires, and that is justification, a situation where the Community priorities, discussed and approved in this Parliament, should also be taken into account to promote this Community aspect of economic and social cohesion which many of you have strongly stressed.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to return to the role and structure of the guidelines before mentioning the main remarks and criticisms which you, Mr Schroedter, and the various Members of this Parliament have made.
As regards the role and structure of these guidelines, Hatzidakis, Schroedter and McCarthy recalled that the purpose of these guidelines is to assist national and regional authorities in preparing their programming strategy for each of the objectives of the Structural Funds 1, 2 and 3, as well as their links with the Cohesion Funds.
This means developing the Commission's priorities, based on the experience of implementing the programmes and the current Community policies on structural operations.
The objective is that these priorities should contribute to the best use, to the optimal and efficient use, as some of you have wanted, of the involvement of the Community, including Mr Bradbourn, using, if necessary, the reserve of services which is specifically intended to encourage the optimal and efficient use of the European public.
When I speak of optimum use, I refer to both national and regional levels. Mr Seppänen, I am also referring to this point, speaking of the national level, of the link with the Cohesion Fund.
This is the purpose of these guidelines.
As regards their content, as you know, ladies and gentlemen of this Parliament, I am focused on three strategic priorities which your rapporteur has pointed out very clearly, but at the same time very passionately, as I have understood his presentation at this time.
The first priority is to improve the competitiveness of regional economies in order to create, in all sectors, but above all in the private sector, as Berend said, the maximum number of serious, valid and permanent jobs, the competitiveness of regional economies, all regional economies, and in particular Mr Evans, that of Wales, but not only of Wales.
And because there are some of you who have just pointed out what there seems to be an omission, let me also add the regional economies of the handicapped regions remotely from the centre, whether they are remote regions, regions of the island or, of course, the most remote regions which are, of course, the farthest.
Perhaps I can inform Mr Ribeiro and Mr Castro, who has asked me about this, that, as I have written to the presidents of each of these remote regions, the Commission has actually asked for an extension of several weeks before publishing its planned report.
As regards remote regions, it was only quite late that we received the memorandum from the various governments, but it is not necessarily an excuse, just an explanation.
We must therefore consider these memorandums and produce extremely detailed work.
I myself took part in a meeting of the most remote regions of 23 November and, within the College, we felt that it would take several weeks before we could produce a report that has properly dealt with the extremely serious problems and which has lived up to the expectations of these remote regions. Thank you for your understanding.
This is the first priority, the competitiveness of regional economies.
The second priority, which many of you have emphasized, in particular, Mr Puerta, but there are others, not that I mention them in every order of priority, is the strengthening of social cohesion and employment, in particular increasing the profile of human resources much more than in the past.
We now have a European Union in which disparities between countries are less observed, demonstrating the effectiveness and value of the Cohesion Fund, but where, at the same time, in relation to unemployment - as you have written, Mrs Schroedter - there is a growing gap between the 15 and 20 richer regions and the 15 or 20 poorer or less disadvantaged regions. This is a situation which, as it should be, unjustifiable and intolerable.
As far as I am concerned, taking into account my concept of building Europe and of regional development policy in particular, this is a situation which I find unacceptable and which I intend, as far as possible, to devote all the appropriations for which I am responsible for this better social, human and territorial cohesion, in particular to avoid what I once called in this Parliament a two-speed Europe, a Europe of rich neighborhoods but, at the same time.
The third objective is urban and rural development, within a balanced territorial policy. In fact, the guidelines take into account two horizontal principles.
The first is rural development, and I would like to say, Mrs Schroedter, that I understand in rural development the question of sustainable transport, a question that I have been personally involved for a long time. I remember in particular the moment when I was Minister for the Environment in my country.
The second principle is equal opportunities, especially for men and women, as well as the European strategy for employment and the context of economic and monetary union.
Finally, and to respond to the concerns you have expressed in this Parliament, in particular you, Mrs Schroedter, in these guidelines we recall the importance and definition of integrated strategies, for the development or redevelopment, which, of all priorities, offer the maximum synergy opportunity, for the measures taken and for the establishment of a decentralized partnership. You expressed some concern about what might seem a lack of reference to this partnership, but there is a clear reference to it on page 5 of the guidelines.
In this regard, I would like to mention, since you asked me to do so, that, as far as I am concerned, this partnership - and I spent quite a long time as a regional administrator in my country to be able to say more sincerely - is a tool, a used to involve the strength of the local brain, both in the public sector, in the form of elected representatives, social and educational sectors, associations, or the private sector; a decentralized partnership, and
These are the reasons why the guidelines are presented according to thematic priorities, since they must be taken into account, in each of the objectives, to a different extent according to the specific situations of each of the Member States and regions.
I would now like to reply briefly to some of the comments you have made, ladies and gentlemen, and firstly to the procedure.
It is true that consultation with Parliament only took place late.
I should like to remind you that when the guidelines were adopted by the Commission in the form of a February 1999 draft, in line with a new procedure to make it easier to submit observations on this text, my predecessor, Mr Wulf-Mathies, presented them to Parliament immediately.
However, because of the European Parliament's elections in this period, Parliament was unable to examine these guidelines until the text was finally adopted in July 1999.
In this House, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to assure you that in the negotiations for the programmes which have just begun, Mr Hatzidakis asked me a question about this — as far as the Member States are concerned, his comments will certainly be taken into account.
I also assure you that when the Commission adopts the guidelines with what we call the midterm review, in line with the regulations, it will also take account of the views of this Assembly, as expressed in this report.
Now on the form. As regards the role of the guidelines, Mrs Schroedter, you stressed that this is the context in which guidelines should be given on certain European objectives, often very precise.
I do not want to list them all, but they include the implementation of intersectoral policies, the increase in efficiency in the use of public funds, the assistance to the various partners in the development of regional or national programming together, etc.
The Commission takes note of this, but some of these guidelines or questions are linked more to other documents, such as the Guide to the Reform of the Structural Funds or the methodological work document.
Finally, I would like to focus on some of the challenges you have reiterated, Mrs Schroedter.
I think, for example, the idea that these guidelines are not quite specific in their recommendations.
This states that its report must be seen in the context of the last spring negotiations.
The Commission has maintained the effective text of Article 10 of the Structural Funds Regulation, which states that the objective of these guidelines is to provide Member States with general and indicative guidelines on relevant and agreed Community policies. In fact I mentioned the text itself, in quotes.
In addition, guidelines cannot replace exante programming or evaluations which must be the tool used to specify the priorities and effectiveness of these programmes.
Mr Schroedter recalled the section on urban and rural development guidelines, pointing out that urban development was not sufficiently taken into account.
I find the opposite of the case. I would like to confirm the great importance that the Commission attaches and attaches to the urban dimension of our cohesion policy.
In fact, I had the opportunity to say how much to all the ministers responsible for urban policy in a meeting in Tampere.
As regards rural development, which many of you have raised, in particular Mr Redondo Jiménez, the guidelines are in line with the twofold objective mentioned by your rapporteur: a strong agricultural sector linked to greater competitiveness in rural areas, but also to the protection of the environment and the European rural heritage.
However, it should be pointed out that the guidelines concerned concern only the Structural Funds, whose objectives 1 and 2 adopt in particular the diversification of rural society as a priority.
We do not forget that there is also the new rural development policy co-financed by the EAGGF Guarantee Section, aimed at promoting the reform of European agriculture and supporting the multifunctional aspect of agriculture.
At this stage, I would simply like to say that I would like to see it integrated in the programming of Objective 2 rural areas, in the way that EAGGF Guidance is intended for Objective 1 regions.
In any case, I appreciate the vigilance of its Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on this subject.
Before conclusion, I would like to say to Mr Savary that tomorrow we will have a special debate on the consequences of the storms that have hit France, Austria and Germany, especially in the last few weeks, and at the same time we will talk again, together with my colleague Commissioner, Mrs de Palacio, about which lessons we could draw on the oil dispersion which has also hit the coasts of France.
I will therefore reserve the right, if you allow, sir, to give you my opinion, which, in large part, corresponds to your recommendation regarding the action we could take to combat oil spillage with Objective 2.
I remind you that tomorrow the Commission approves Objective 2 zoning plans for France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg. At this point we will have an appropriate tool to work, especially in most regions affected by storms.
In fact, this is my reason to make a personal visit the day after tomorrow to two of the French departments that were severely disabled by storms.
In conclusion, thank you for your understanding, Mr President, I would like to thank you, Mrs Schroedter, for the quality of your work and your committee, and to say that I am very satisfied, apart from some differences in our assessments on the role of the guidelines. We discussed this and tried to clarify my point of view.
I am very pleased with the level of support your Parliament has given to the Commission for the definition of these guidelines, which have been submitted to the Member States for information when establishing its own programmes.
This can only strengthen the concept based on a number of good practice elements from our experience of the current 1994-99 programmes. It seems to me that this good wishes for effective cooperation between our two institutions, at this time when programming for the period 2000-2006 is underway, good practice of common work, which is, Mr Hatzidakis, supported by something that I am very attentive to: observance of the code of conduct that links our two institutions.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Social and economic situation and development of the regions of the Union
The next item is the report (A5-0107/1999) by Mr Berend, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and on the development of the regions of the European Union (SEC(99)0066 - C5-0120/99 - 1999/2123(COS)).
Mr President, Commissioner, this sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and the development of the regions of the European Union is a milestone in the analysis of regional data and highlights the progress made in this area after the issue of the fifth periodic report.
However, I believe that the quotation of real convergence of the average regional development levels in Europe gives a somewhat simplified view of the situation and, unfortunately, this is often the message taken in the press and in some speeches.
The Commission's report generally refers to this observation, in particular when it refers to the social and economic situation of certain regions of the Union in which I have a particular interest, with which I mean the French overseas departments and, more generally, the most remote regions.
In this connection, I am pleased to note that the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism adopted one of my amendments calling on the Commission to devote a specific chapter in its next report on cohesion to the particular case of remote regions and, more specifically, to consider the impact of the measures to be taken shortly in accordance with the new Article 299(2) of the Amsterdam Treaty.
Finally, in my opinion, this sixth periodic report presents interesting topics from the point of view of a real project for the balanced sustainable development of Europe, particularly when it outlines the importance of relations between the central areas of Europe and its most remote regions.
Although the Commission is still reluctant to say so too explicitly, its periodic report shows the urgency of promoting the polycentric development of the Community area through the Union's structural policies and in the context of the approach initiated by the ESA.
Mr President, the Group of the Party of European Socialists in this Parliament agrees with the report that Mr Berend has just submitted and congratulates the author, both for the quality of his conclusions and for his flexibility, who has ensured that the different groups were able to incorporate amendments in committee.
It must be remembered that, at present, the overall competitiveness of the European Union is, in general, 81% of that of the United States of America and that this figure will only improve if the figure for our competitive units, that is, regions, also improves. In addition, this is the time when technological development, economic globalization and our problems, which are enlargement and the single currency, demand that regions, as well as businesses and individuals, strive to be competitive.
The Sixth Report of the European Commission presents very important conclusions.
In summary two of those highlighted by the rapporteur, a positive and a negative one.
The first is that important progress has been made in regional and social cohesion throughout the Union and that Community funds have been an important factor, although not decisive, in reducing regional inequalities.
The negative conclusion is that the great effort made was more effective in harmonizing the GDP and productivity of the European regions than in harmonizing its levels of unemployment.
It is therefore necessary to link structural financing more closely to job creation.
This, Commissioner, is the first commandment for the next period.
Mr President, I ask my colleagues to approve this report and I ask the Commission, as other speakers have done, to take note of the conclusions of their sixth periodic report when it comes to programming for the period 2000 to 2006.
Mr President, Commissioner, I should like first of all to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work and for having taken due account of the proposed amendments, while the committee has discussed it.
The Sixth Periodic Report provides a basis for assessing the implementation of the Union's regional policy objectives.
The report shows that growth has been irregular despite all our efforts.
Very fast growth continues in Central Europe.
The strongest regional centres also continue to grow faster than the general European average, while many regions in southern and northern Europe are growing considerably slower.
Regional policy does not produce the desired result in all sectors.
Is that why bureaucracy or because an insufficient communication of interregional differences, long distances, climates too cold or too hot, scattered populations and austere conditions has been taken?
How can the Union respond to the challenges of global development so that less developed areas can remain part of this development?
It is also important to find out what will be the effects of enlargement of the Union on the Structural Funds and the development of the most remote areas of the Union.
Member States must also take account of their responsibility.
Some Member States have violated the principle of subsidiarity and reduced national regional funds when regional aid from the Union has increased.
This has been revealed to the results that regional policy has produced.
In the future, we must also develop indicators so that measures can be targeted at the right time in the right place.
For example, uncontrolled migration has not been given sufficient consideration.
In this regard, weight must also be given to the decisive importance of SMEs as employers and forces behind regional development.
It is absolutely essential that companies in developing sectors adopt the latest technology and know-how more slowly.
Our group is in favour of adopting this report.
Mr President, Commissioner, the regional policy of the European Union has so far not been able to interpret in any way the current differences in the incomes of our inhabitants.
We have a serious situation in which unemployment and poverty are linked today in the European Union, as demonstrated by the very worrying fact that unemployment has reached 23.7% in the most affected regions on average, regions which are also poor, while in the 25 regions with lower unemployment, corresponding to the richest areas, unemployment is only 4%.
In view of this situation, the report adopted by Parliament must highlight the need for measures which aim unequivocally to combat poverty and related unemployment: measures such as the appropriate use of the Structural Funds for these purposes, often lacking, with centralized state policies and the modernization of telecommunications and communication systems, with the particular objective of integrating the less developed regions in trans-European rail networks, which are planned in 2007.
There should also be measures that respect and develop the resources and capacities of agriculture and fisheries in these countries, often damaged by the European Union's insensitive policies, and the promotion of active policies to create jobs, particularly for women and young people.
Only through the decisive application of this type of measure will we be able to overcome social and regional inequality, which is not the historical product of intrinsic defects but of marginalization and economic policies that have had harmful effects.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, Mr Berend's report is precisely in line with the European Commission's strategy, since the question of increasing competitiveness is very successful.
The general objectives of the Structural Funds, such as job creation, equal opportunities, increased employment and development sustainability, are mentioned only in the passage.
This attitude seems unjustified. I would also like to ask that more emphasis be placed on these points in the seventh periodic report.
This does not mean that I do not see the need for competitiveness, in particular because I myself am an entrepreneur in a region of Objective 1, namely in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and I am only too aware of the problems and concerns of small and mediumsized enterprises.
It is absolutely crucial that parallel temporary measures are introduced in Objective 1 regions, i.e. job creation measures, special programmes to support employment opportunities for women and initiatives to help people create their own business.
They are supported by appropriate structural fund activities of the European Union.
To support only the competitiveness of enterprises will never be able to compensate for the cohesion envisaged between economic and social development, simply because there is no basis for a self-sufficient recovery in these Objective 1 regions.
After all, the awareness that economic development alone does not help to combat unemployment justifies that an increase of at least 3% of gross domestic product is necessary to create any additional work.
Concentrating the exclusion of all others on offer-oriented economic policy and demand is not the answer.
And those who pursue this policy must invest in expansion for the most part and, to a lesser extent, in rationalization.
It is imperative that this should go hand in hand with an economic policy oriented to demand, if we want to have the opportunity to improve the social situation in these areas.
The situation varies enormously in all regions. In other words, what is necessary is a number of accompanying measures if something must be done there.
For example, these are measures for vocational training, for further education, to reintegrate people who have already been excluded from the production process, for the flexibility of working time and working time, in order to make a marked improvement in the integration of personal and social aspects and perhaps also to promote job opportunities for women again.
Mr President, my congratulations to the rapporteur for his detailed report.
The main objective of the Structural Funds is to strengthen social and economic cohesion between the regions of the European Union.
Promoting a diversity of investment, the European Union strives to increase GDP per head and increase employment.
From the sixth periodic report on the regions, we can draw the demanding conclusion that these incentives do not always have the desired effect.
The efforts made to increase GDP per head in Objective 1 regions do not always involve such an increase, not just a satisfactory result for a period during which, certainly over the last two years, there has been economic growth.
As indicated by the rapporteur, the effects of structural measures are, on the other hand, minimal as regards employment.
It is therefore called for a reserve on the effectiveness of Community aid.
In addition, the observation that disparities between regions within the Member States sometimes become even more pronounced raises serious questions.
Mr President, it seems appropriate and necessary to focus attention on national and regional authorities, especially as regards the increase in employment. It is, after all, that they have most knowledge about the regions that fall under their mandate.
By enabling them to develop tailor-made plans for the regions concerned and, if necessary, to link this with financial aid, a higher return can be achieved.
Surely this must be the ultimate goal.
I am therefore in favour of the Commission to delegate practical details and implement measures to Member States and regions.
As a result of this, it is probably also more significant as regards financial aid to regions, to give Member States more voice.
We can avoid many problems later.
Finally, I would like to draw attention to the position of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
The report shows that, in general, they are far from EU countries, especially in terms of GDP per head.
With the expected accession of a large number of these countries in the near future, it is urgent to review the current structural policy.
I would like to take this opportunity to follow the example of others and to invite the Commission to submit proposals for reform before that.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, after a careful examination of this report, we cannot escape the conclusion that the stated objective of structural policy has been achieved only in part.
For example, while disparities between regions have increased rather than decreased, there has been some convergence between the Member States themselves in this regard.
Similarly, the levels of unemployment in the most affected regions have not fallen at all, indeed they have increased in some cases.
I wonder why the structural funds are not used more efficiently.
Even the accumulation of money from the cohesion funds and the structural funds did not have the desired effect in all regions and countries.
Since it is the stated objective of all politicians throughout Europe to reduce unemployment, we must ask the critical question whether the policy concerned is the right one or whether it would no longer be appropriate to increase the competitiveness of regions with appropriate measures such as increasing research and development support, improving infrastructure and increasing the level of training.
A real structural reform and a fiscal policy favourable to competition are the basis of a successful economic base.
If we do not want to be accused of pursuing a cost-intensive structural policy that does nothing to improve the situation of long-term unemployment, then the measures so far have to be analysed.
We can only say that the structural policy of the Union was a success when we can create a sufficient number of jobs and when there is a significant reduction in the unemployment rate.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, I thank the rapporteur for managing this very important report, because developments in the social and economic situation will decide to what extent European citizens will judge that we have succeeded in our work.
This problem, which has an impact on their daily lives, is a key issue regarding the credibility of the EU.
It must be admitted that the European Union has already helped the development of the poor.
I remember that Portugal and Greece were like when I crossed those countries for the first time twenty-five years ago.
In this regard, the French speakers speak of a coup d'état: In other words, I take my hat off to the EU.
The EU really deserves such a gesture, but the differences between rich and poor areas within countries are still too large.
What is the result?
People react by voting with their feet and go where they can earn a crust.
As a result, we must build schools, hospitals and the entire infrastructure for the same people in the same country many times.
This is very expensive and also causes great social problems.
Most people, however, would like to live in the area where they were born and grown, if they were given the opportunity, in other words, to work there.
We have to give them this opportunity.
This is a moral obligation that the EU and all of us have.
The solution, as I see it, is clearly encouraging entrepreneurship.
For entrepreneurship I do not simply mean the property of business, but the creation of will. I mean the attitude in which a person wants to live, whether he is an employee, the owner of an enterprise or an official.
What is a right society?
One in which someone from a modest background can move forward in life so as to make life a little easier for his children.
In this way, the positive development of the regions is also possible, because people will start activities and will work if they are given the opportunity.
Finally, I would like to say that in this matter we should learn a lesson from America, where hard work is still in fashion and success is an indication of skill and not the object of envy, as is often here in Europe.
Mr President, Commissioner, since my time is limited, I will go straight to the point.
First, I make a statement of fact: the fruits of growth are not distributed equally within the Union. The most remote regions, still affected by catastrophic unemployment rates, offer an example.
In Reunion, for example, the rate is 37%.
However, it is not a situation linked to the economic climate; rather than a structural problem, created by our distance, by our insularity, in short, by our specific personality.
The principle of specific and exceptional treatment was laid down in Article 299(2) of the Amsterdam Treaty to deal with such cases. It remains only to put into practice this principle.
The Commission document for December 1999 was delayed until January, then in February, and the initial thought does not fill me with optimism.
I therefore appeal formally to the Council and the Commission.
As regards taxation, State aid, the Structural Funds and the defence of our traditional products, practical measures characterized by boldness and ambition must be programmed on urgency. If these are not realised, unfortunately, convergence and cohesion will no longer remain words for us, and it is feared that the structural policy undertaken in our regions, despite the size of the amounts involved, will end in failure.
I would like to thank Mr Berend and congratulate him on the quality of his report.
As the previous report, this extremely competent and precise analysis, the recommendations it supports and its comments, ladies and gentlemen, are useful to the Commission in general and to the Commissioner responsible for regional policy, in particular at this time when we are involved in the programming of appropriations for the period 2000-2006.
I would also like to make a few comments, Mr Berend, on the assessment made by this sixth periodic report.
She stressed the quality of the report and also wrote, if I am not mistaken, that it marked a real improvement over previous reports.
On behalf of all the officials of the Commission and of my predecessor, Mr Wulf-Mathies, I must inform you that we have been very attentive to the assessment made by this Parliament and yourself.
The Commission was certainly very anxious to ensure, Mr Berend, that this sixth periodic report shows that progress has been made and a threshold for the quality of the analysis submitted to you.
I am thinking in particular of the contents of Chapter 2.1 of this report, in which the Commission has examined in a more detailed way the economic definitions of regional competitiveness and has tried to analyse the extent to which such competitiveness can be sustained, improved and influenced by factors which some of you - Mr Markov, right now, and Mr Raschhofer - have strongly stressed.
I think of research and technological development, the provision of infrastructure and quality, human resources, small and medium-sized enterprises and direct investment from abroad.
For quality.
President. I call Mr Berend. Allow me to state: The first point concerns the usefulness of the conclusions of this report in drawing up the priorities of the new regional policy, in particular for the negotiation of programming documents with the Member States.
Secondly, the partnership, a topic that many of you have emphasized, the role of local and regional authorities, the private sector, both the parts of the industry, the associations and the groups of action of the local community.
As regards this partnership problem, I will be extremely careful to ensure that the terms of the Structural Fund regulations are properly applied.
Thirdly, the need to develop the employment side of growth, although I am aware, as Mr van Dam has just said, that the main responsibility is that of the Member States, and that, when we speak of the responsibility of the Member States, and the usefulness or effectiveness of this regional policy, we must clearly establish what kind of period we are working on.
Mr Fruteau has just stated that the fruits of growth have been unequivocally distributed.
Colteau, at least we must recognize that there is growth, and that we are not working in a stagnation or recession period, as has happened in the past.
You will tell me that growth or deficiency situations do not affect everyone in the same way. I agree with your analysis.
When there is growth, it must be better distributed, but a question even more difficult and more seriously affecting the less-favoured regions from their distance, both the remote or island regions, is the lack of growth that generally characterized the last two decades.
Fourthly, one point which Mr Hedkvist Petersen has just pointed out, the promotion of equal opportunities for women and young people.
Fifthly, the importance and role of small and mediumsized enterprises. Mr Vatanen has expressed this strength.
Finally, the positive effects on national administrations of the Structural Funds management system, the motivations of officials in the management of these funds, although occasionally complicated, and the importance of once again making improvements to the Commission's evaluation, follow-up and supervision procedures.
In relation to this, I must inform the European Parliament of my intention to organize a seminar in the middle of the year 2000 with the national and regional authorities on the evaluation of the procedures for the exchange of good practices in the management of the structural funds.
I would like to mention some specific points.
Mr Berend, you have expressed your wish that crops should be implemented quickly.
Well, we're about to finish the zoning phase. Tomorrow the Commission will decide the matter for four other countries and very soon, I hope, will be the turn of Italy.