== sync, corrected by elderman ==
I declare the session of the European parliament on Friday, December 17, 1999, and I would like to wish you another happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period.
Although, as you will have seen, the feared millennium bug failed, still the people in a number of countries had a series of natural disasters that were truly terrible.
You've asked a debate about this subject in the next few days, during this part-session.
In the meantime, I have to observe the silence of a minute, as some of Members have asked for, on behalf of all the victims, especially the terrible storms, in the different countries of the European Union.
Stand up for the silence of this moment.
(The House stood up and observed a minute of silence)
Madam President, at a point of order.
You'll be aware of the press and television that there have been some bomb explosions and murders in Sri Lanka.
One of the people killed very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who visited the European parliament a few months ago.
Is it appropriate for you, Madam President, to write a letter to the Sri Lankan President who regrets the Parliament with his and the other violent death in Sri Lanka and her insists on doing everything she can to see peace?
Yes, Mr. Evans, I feel like an initiative of the type you just imagined would be completely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I will do what Mr. Evans suggested.
Madam President, at a point of order.
I want your advice on Rule 143 about insanity.
My question has to do with something that will appear Thursday, and I will raise it again.
The Cunha report on multiple guidance programs comes before parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that should be presented a form of quota penalties for countries who cannot meet their refugees. It says this needs to be done, despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fishing policy and a proposal to undermine it would be legally inadmissible. I want to know if anyone can raise an objection of that kind to what's just a report, not a legal proposal, and whether that's something I can do on Thursday.
That's exactly the time you want to raise this question on Thursday for the start of the report.
Madam President, along with the first part-session of the European parliament, an appointment has been made, unfortunately for next Thursday, in Texas, for the execution of a young 34-year-old man convicted to death. We'll call him Mr. Hicks.
At the request of a French Member, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been presented, which many people have signed, including myself. However, I would ask you, in accordance with the line that is now followed by the European parliament and by the entire European communion, to make representations, using the weight of your prestigious office and to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the powers, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the government, to grant the powers.
This is all consistent with the principles we've always hidden.
Thanks. Mr. Segni, I'm so happy to do it.
Yeah, it's kind of in keeping track of the positions this house has always adopted.
Madam President, I would like to draw your attention to a case where this parliament has shown an interest. It's Alexander Nikitin's case.
We all here are happy that the courts have cleared him and that in Russia has also made it clear that access to environmental information is a constitutional right.
But he has to go to court again because the prosecutor is attractive.
We know that, and we've said just as many solutions, including the latest insult of last year, that this is not just a legal matter, and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin, to find criminal activity, because he is guilty of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the charges of the
These findings are the basis of the European programs to protect the Barents Sea, and that's why I would ask you to investigate a letter that protects the most important facts and Parliament's position, as far as the adoption of Russia.
Yes, Mrs. Schroedter, I'd like to see the facts of this case when I get your letter.
Madam President, I would like to compliment you on the fact that you kept your word and that, during this first part-session of the new year, the number of television channels in our channels, indeed increased.
But, Madam President, my personal request is not yet agreed.
Although there are two Finn Channels now and one Portuguese One, there's still no Dutch channel, which I asked, because Dutch people here like to follow the news when we're sent to this place every month.
I'd ask you again to make sure we get a Dutch channel, too.
Mrs. Pilot of Gorsel, I can tell you that this case is on the schedule for the Quaestors meeting on Wednesday.
It will, I hope, be investigated in a positive light.
Madam President, can you tell me why this parliament doesn't keep itself to health and security law that it's really going to pass?
Why hasn't there been an air quality test on this building since we've been chosen?
Why hasn't there been a Health and Safety Committee since 1998?
Why hasn't there been a fire drill or the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings?
Why aren't there any fire instructions?
Why haven't the stairs improved since my accident?
Why aren't there smoking areas enforced?
It seems absolutely outrageous that we pass law and not add.
Mrs. Lynne, you're right, and I'll make sure this didn't happen.
I'll also refer the case to the College of Quaestors, and I'm sure they're willing to make sure that we're willing to vote with the rules we're voting for ourselves.
Madam President, Mrs. Díez González and I had detailed questions about certain opinions about the vice president, Mrs the Palacio, who appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The skills they didn't get into the calendar on the ground they had answered in a previous part session.
I'd ask them to reconsider, since this isn't the case.
The questions referred to Mrs. Palacio's intervention earlier, on a different occasion, and not to these comments that appeared in the ABC paper on November 18th.
Mr. Berenguer Fuster, we'll check all this out.
I admit it seems a little confused right now.
That's why we'll take a good look at it to make sure everything's as it should be.
Madam President, I'd like to know if there's a clear message from the Parliament this week about our dissatisfaction of today's decision to renew the arms to Indonesia, given the fact that the majority of the law enforcements?
Today's decision to not renew the embargo is very dangerous given the situation there.
So the parliament must send a message, because that is the wish of the great majority.
It's irresponsible for EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo.
Like they said, the situation is very volatile. There's a military risk in the future.
We don't know what's happening. Why would EU produce profits at the expense of innocent people?
At least this question isn't exactly under the requests for a top exam on Thursday.
Agenda
Madam President, the presentation of the Prodi Commission's political program for the entire law was a proposal by the group of the European Socialists who was dismissed unannounced by the President who was assigned in September.
This dedication is important because the committee is a body with a monopoly of initiative in agreement with the Treations, which is why this Parliament dictates politics and legislation for the next five years.
I'd also like to point out, Madam President, that this parliament voted to express his trust in President Prodi during the previous legislation. It did again during this law, in July, and in September, it agreed to reapply the entire commission.
So there's plenty of time for the committee to prepare the program and that we'll announce it and explain it to our citizens.
At this end, I'd like to remind you of the resolution of September 15, who recommended that the proposal will be presented as soon as possible.
The events of last week, who came outside the Conference of Presidents, that Conference is simply used to confirm other decisions and rat us out with a dilemma. Either the commission isn't ready to present this program, in that case, it needs to clarify.
The President says it's in a position to do that.
Given the commission is represented by Vice President the Palacio, I think it would help if the commission could let us know how ready to present this program as agreed. Alternatively, parliament isn't ready to investigate this program, as some suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would imply the failure of Parliament in his duties as a parliament member, and also introduce an original thesis, a pressing method that makes itself aware of the political committee, and we will not be able to write about the day-to-day committee, so we will have to write about the day,
My group believes that since a parliament is intended to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification for this delay, and we believe that if the committee is ready to do that, we still have time to reschedule the original committee.
That's why, the proposal of the European Socialists, and what you've said is that the commission on the commission of the commission on Wednesday, including his appropriate handicap, which we would find on the basis of the commission of the parish committee.
That's why, Mrs. President, I would ask you to ask that the commission expresses his opinion on this matter and that we will vote.
(PSE Group applause)
Madam President, I am truly astonishing at Mr Barón Crespo's behavior and the fact that he is now asking to put this item on Wednesday' agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you were unable to visit the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I'm not criticizing this, it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr. Hänsch represented you at this opportunity.
In the Conference of Presidents, we had a depth discussion.
Your group was only in pleaing what you're saying right now.
Then we vote.
As you know, every president has the same number of voices when his group has Members.
There was a vote on this case. As I recall, the outcome of this vote was 422 votes to 180 with a few abstinences.
This means all groups with the exception of the non-appropriate Members, but, of course, they're not a group - only your group thought we should move on as you suggested.
All the others were a different opinion. That was the decision.
I'd like to comment on the matter myself right now.
We have faith in the commission and in Romano Prodi and after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, the great majority of our group supported the vote of trust in Romano Prodi and the committee.
However, we believe that the strategic committee's strategic plan should be debated within a proper continuing frame, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also based on a document that's been made in the five years.
There's no document.
The commission will present his program for the year 2000 in February.
We've said, very well, if the commission doesn't want to introduce the 2000 program as early as January, we'll do it in February.
We agreed to this.
After all, we don't want to argue with the committee, if we believe that the commission and Parliament should go the same path.
However, in the parliament, we also have a supervisory role regarding the committee, and we don't have to agree with anything that comes from the committee.
I'd like us to do a reasonable amount of preparation for debating the five-year program in our groups.
You can't prepare if you hear a statement in this house and have no idea of his contents.
That's why we recommend-- and it's my impression that the committee is also open to this idea-- that we're debating the long-term committee program on the year 2005 in February, and I hope the committee is also on a 2,000-year committee.
The fact that the subjects are connected also suggests that we keep the debate on both programs together. That's why my group defies the proposal of Socialist Group.
(Applause of the PPE-DE Group)
Madam President, I would like to make it very clear that, above all, the committee has absolute respect for the decisions of this Parliament and meanwhile, the decision to determine his calendar.
That's why we respect Parliament.
But I also want to make it very clear that President Prodi made a commitment to this Parliament to introduce a new debate, as Mr Barón Crespo reminds us, which would be next to the annual debate for the year's committee.
Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement in September intercepted this debate from the annual presentation of the commission's law program.
I'd also like to say that the committee is willing to keep this debate if it's convenient and that we were ready to do that this week as we agreed, based on the day it would be for a speech in the parliament group.
That's why, Mrs. President, I'd like to repeat that the committee has debated the action plan for the next five years, and if Parliament decides this week, if that's the decision, we're willing to explain the program for the next five years, which we've agreed to the next year.
Madam President, I hear a wrinkle of laughter from the Socialists.
I was told that large parts of the Socialist Group were also happy that this item was taken from the calendar because the vote in the Conference of Presidents was not received a vote from the Socialist Group for this case.
I don't know if this information is correct, but the PPE group would at least be grateful if this item was removed because the Parliament has handled this problem several times.
Decisions are also adopted against a tax of this kind.
That's why my group is moving this item from the calendar.
Thanks. Mr Poettering.
We will now speak to Mr. Wurtz against this request.
Madam President, I would like to point out Mr Poettering's lack of logic first. He's just preaching the group of European Socialists because they've made a decision in a clear way in the Conference of Presidents, and now he's doing exactly the same thing.
We discussed that case and we were unanimous, except for the PPE and ELDR Groups.
As my co-chairs remember, I even said it wasn't a matter to know if anyone was before or against the Tobin tax, but either they dared to hear what the committee and the council thought.
It's not much to ask.
That's why I repeat the proposal that this oral question to the committee and the council needs to be kept so that we can discover it once and for all, the positions of these two bodies concerning the proposal that is modest, but the public opinion, in order, would have been cleared,
We're gonna vote on the PPE Group request that the oral question about the main tax is retracted from the calendar.
(Parliament refused the request, 164 votes for, 166 votes against and 7 abstinences)
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for the advertising of this debate.
Thank you so much.
Madam President, is my voice counted? I couldn't vote electronically because I don't have a card.
My voice was in favor.
Yeah, if we add the two Members who have declared themselves, then the result of the vote would be...
Madam President, the President has already declared the result of the vote.
There's no room for amendments.
Madam President, in the early vote, and I will allow your verdict on this case, on the question of the strategic plan of the commission I reported on behalf of my group. That didn't happen.
I'd appreciate it if, at the nickel, I'm allowed to make a statement for my group.
This is a major case. It would be useful for the House's report to tell us how people look what we just did in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I don't want to reopen the debate, but I also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Barón Crespo's motion.
You didn't call me either.
I regret this, but the vote is already taken and the decision is made, so let's leave the case there.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Hänsch and Mr. Cox. I didn't see you asking to talk.
Even then, I think the positions are pretty clear, and they'll come into the Minutes.
If we adopt the Minutes for today's hearing, then all Members who think the positions aren't clear enough to ask for affection.
This seems like a working solution.
Of course the Minutes will account for tomorrow's hearing with additional statements.
I think this is a better solution than going on to extremely time-deprived statements of votes.
Mr. Cox, Mr. Hänsch, would you agree to this?
Madam President, if the vote is correct how my group voted, I won't, and I can't object.
If your verdict is that I can't give a statement of voices, I'll accept that with reservations.
We'll pay specific attention to the word of the Minutes, as we always do, of course.
If they don't reflect the positions properly, we can correct them if necessary.
The case's assignment is adopted.
Security advisors for transporting dangerous goods.
The next item is the report.
Madam President, we can't accept that we often hear more accidents that cause large damage on our paths, but also on our railroads and waterways, not just because those involved are either ignoring the dangerous cars.
As an Austrian, I have another vibrant reminder, as I believe, we all do, from the catastrophe that cost so many people's lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel, where subsequent work is destroyed in many tunnels.
The renovation project that took months, cut off this major route between the north and South of Europe.
The traffic that needed to be rerouted by this the patience of thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
In fact, hell broke loose in some towns in my county.
Prevention must be our answer to disasters of this species, and this design is a very important step to properly trained security advisors available, so that the right action is taken.
Either way, we don't have to stop entering European law to ensure larger safety.
We also need to check this out and make sure that our rules are transferred by the Member States in good time and more importantly, we need to make sure they're assigned afterwards.
Don't let this be another sector where we need to lower the lack of power.
I'd like to address one last point.
We shouldn't be holding back with sealing another hole in the safety net and closing our eyes to the fact that, where security is concerned, there's a lot more to do.
In this context, I'd like to make a request and ask the commissioner responsible, who is here today, to make a appropriate text as soon as possible to make it safer for the traffic to transport tunnels, so we don't have any experience in Europe.
Madam President, first I must thank Mr. Koch for his report, which in his heart, has the matter of transport safety. The report is looking at the matter of damages the investigation requires security advisors working in the areas of dangerous goods, railroad and inland waterway.
I congratulate him with his excellent report.
Traffic security has been in the news lately, the Paddington railroad accident in London, the terrible railroad accident in Norway, the two engagement accidents that EU citizens and the natural ability to be involved in London for the last four months.
The reporter has identified the House that in his communal position the Council six of Parliaments has accepted ten amendments and that the substance of Parliament has been remanded.
My group will support the common position and look forward to the entrance to the law that gives us another tool in our fight to carry as safely as the European Union.
If it's about safety, my group will always support all the initiatives to improve safety.
We still have a lot of work to do in this area like the recent events have proven.
Madam President, I'd like to comment.
First, I want to thank the reporter for his exceptional battery and technical work on the report and second, the commission for the proposal that it's filed.
We're worried about the harmony of investigating, but also with minimum requirements. This is a shame, in a way.
Needless to say, safety on roads, railroads, and inland waterways are important, and given the international nature of these kinds of transport, training for safety advisors must be violated, that's why it's new to be imagined.
This is important, but also enforcement, and there are some reasons why we need to pay attention to this.
Think of the traffic accidents that took place over the last few years, for example, in Belgium, Dutch, and some other countries where transportatives with dangerous goods drive through in foggy conditions if they really should have gone off the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe adjusting to ships here, with all the obvious risks that hold this.
Also, the research in the ports in Belgium has transferred Finland, but also in Japan has proven that 50% of the containers with partially dangerous charges are not properly delivered for shipment.
In short, the problem is a big deal.
If we're looking at the situation where security advisors are concerned, in some countries, it's compulsive to such security advisors in business as of January 1st of this year.
There's gonna be big problems with taking this rule right now, especially with smaller companies, because these can't afford security advisors.
These smaller companies dismiss their load or mix it with other charges, which causes trouble.
Which is why ISO 9002 certificates may contain the finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and corporate analysis.
Work's done. The only thing left is the police business.
I'd like to mention one last point.
In regards to the enforcement, the proper agreements also have to compete with the Eastern European countries, because they don't invade treatments that until July 1, 2001, that's to say in 18 months.
This gives them a competitive edge for interim period.
This isn't on itself a terrible thing, but we mostly need the safety specialists for goods transported by road, railroading and inland waterways and incorporating this, as part of the acquisunist to present them as soon as possible.
Madam President, the importance of transport safety is marked on regular basis in this parliament and right.
The increased volume of goods going through Europe brings all kinds of risks, known and unknown to employees and social environments.
The ones who have to deal with these risks have to make hard demands.
The relevant standards that have been placed in another director, 95/35/EC, seem sufficient to advise people in a responsible way in the organization of dangerous goods.
I'm very glad that the agreement has also been achieved with the Council of minimum standards regarding examinations, although I prefer it as uniform, standards and modules, so those certificates would be just as true.
This doesn't seem indispensable, though.
The amendment makes perfect sense, and I can give it to you.
Mr. President, Commissioner, I have to congratulate Mr. Koch with his reports, but technically, aren't even a very big deal for safety.
I'd like to comment.
First of all, I have to ask the commissioner... And I'm sure my request will fall on fertile ground... To make sure there's more attention paid for safety, on the roads, on the water roads or at sea.
Given that it's only today that we're dealing with a commission proposal for the first time in March 19, 1998, even though parliament reacted relatively quickly, this timelag is a little too long.
This isn't just the commission's fault, but I think we need to move fast so we can do damage in this area.
My second point is already listed, it's about the minimal standards.
Basically, I think in a lot of cases where the transport is concerned that we should work for increased flexibility and land-specific rules.
However, when it comes to safety, I'm rather skeptical because safety in Sweden, for example, is no different than safety in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimal standards, but I'd ask the commission to keep a close eye on the situation.
Must have flexibility of this kind of result in that there are insufficient rules in some countries, then we have to work on bigger harmonisation.
My third point is already listed.
As you know, as Mr. Rack, I come from a country where this matter plays a very important role.
We don't want to make the competition worse for some countries... And they improve for countries like Austria or other countries.
But I think we should do everything we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum in all countries, whether they're landing or not.
Mr. President, I'd like to congratulate the reporter first, Mr. Koch, at his wonderful work and his positive cooperation with the committee, with regard to correcting the messages and this report, and this is for the end of the transition.
We understand it's important that the two institutions, parliament and committee cooperate and that the current cooperation with the Committee of Regional Policy, and in particular, is the transport group, magnificent.
The communal position contains practically all amendments accepted by the committee and harmonizes the minimum investigators' advisors and in the second read, we can accept the amendment for the new committee.
Very briefly, I would like to thank the different Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the priorities in the field of transport.
As Mr. Simpson has said very correctly, this is a trial that we can never accept for charity or regarding an end.
The process of raising safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process that needs daily improvement.
In this case, I'd also like to refer to the problems of the tunnels, which Messers Rack and Swoboda referred to, what, in the matter of Austria, is a very sensitive matter, and should improve their safety.
In one of the worst accidents that happened recently, the goods weren't dangerous in themselves.
Margarine and a few pounds of paint that, basically, present no risks, led to a real disaster.
That's why we'll need to see how the demands guarantee that the maximum security clearance can be improved.
Finally, I want to say that we should consider safely in all kinds of transport.
This week, we're gonna have a debate here on the safety of the sea rap, in the light of the Erika disaster, and in the course of this year, we need to discuss our targets in terms of the safety of air transport.
But I'd like to say that safety is a priority objective to the committee.
As I'll say in the debate of the Erika disaster, we don't wait until there's a disaster to handle the question of safety, but we're working on it, even if there's no such circumstances, which just to trigger the demonstration.
I'd like to repeat my appreciation to all speakers and especially for the administration, Mr. Koch.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at noon.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
The next item is the report.
Mr. President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the direct line of the laws of Member States with regard to the transport of dangerous goods on the way, who have gone into battle at 11997, contains a number of excessive measurements to the European standards.
Delay in CEN's work makes it difficult to use this very instantly.
In particular, annexes can't be adjusted to account for technical and industrial developments.
I regret this ever since we have to take action because others haven't done their job.
With this respect, I accept this proposal to amplify Director 94/55/EC who was interviewed today.
If the European Union doesn't take action, Member States would be obliged to restore their national law for a very short period until the CEN completes his work, which would be unnecessary and insecurity.
The amendment on today's calendar has no effect on the existing harmony of transporting dangerous goods in the community.
It only extends the transitional rules by delaying the deadlines, removes the conditions that are no longer appropriate, and lays down the procedures for one, carrying out the acres, in the small terms.
The amendment to the guideline is consequent in full consistent with the principle of subsidiarity, the Member States get more powers.
The committee decides whether the Member States can form certain rules of their own people. In that case, it's supported by a commission of experts in the transport of dangerous goods under the regular procedure.
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing forces that matched the committee were reduced to the Council of June 1999.
The proposal to be discussed today, to amplify the directive on the transport of dangerous goods along the way, May 1999, however, and couldn't account for the latest comitology procedure.
Two of the amendments dropped and adopted by the comitology committee.
We want to make sure that there's a reference as early as the recitals and that the time the Council has to make a decision, which is not clear, at a maximum three months.
Besides, the need for more transparency has been deported.
A further amendment allows the Member States to make more strict demands, particularly for vacuum tanks, to be done as work or goods transported as priority in 20o C.
This is in particular interest of Northern European areas.
One final amendment is intended to ensure that tanks and tankers are employed between January 1st, 1997, and the entrance to power of this guideline can be used that they are construed and maintained in accordance.
I realize this is just a small step to increased transport safety, but I would ask you to support this report.
Mr. President, colleagues, happy new year and millennium for all of you.
I first speak in this plenary part session, so this is very exciting for me, a little first love, even though it took more than two minutes.
I'd like to comment on the commissioner's proposal to strengthen the directive of dangerous goods.
It's good that this guideline needs to be established now, because otherwise Member States should approve their national actions for a very short time, a period of transition, which should be unnecessary, and that would mean even more in ecstasy.
The committee's proposal isn't of all facts, as the cold climate that happens in the northern regions.
Then I've given some amendments to Mr. Koch's intrinsically excellent reports that were adopted by our commission.
My amendments provide the freezing for tankers wearing these dangerous goods.
According to the commissioner's proposal, 20oC was sufficient. On the coast of the Mediterranean, it's hard to imagine that in Lapland temperature can fall much lower than that.
There's also support for the EU in Lapland, so let us remember them.
I suggested the glaze ratings have been reduced to -40oC.
This would be necessary to preserve safety standards on the level that they were in northern areas earlier.
I hope my proposal is considered in tomorrow's vote.
Mr. President, with your permission, I need to begin expressing my admiration for the way you performed the quick change of chairmanship just during the debate.
I thought it was superb.
On the subject of the matter, I think the people of Europe should be convinced that the goods, no matter how dangerous they are, are transported on the roads of Europe, railroads, and are as safe as they can be.
This is a contribution.
What we're doing today is actually a pain in the ass.
The reporter, Mr. Koch, who we express our thanks to for the work he's done here, has already proven that all that could have been more advanced, it wasn't for the activities at the part of the CENI that was a diapathic.
That's why we can only hope and we have to fix all this this week... That in 2001 we will finally have communion rules for transporting dangerous goods on our way, so we have a degree of legal security and also that our paths are safe.
Mr. President, the report we discussed here isn't in itself to make big changes.
Most proposal amendments are purely technical. It's not worth emphasizing that, every time we make these decisions, it's good of a wide environmental perspective, and it's beneficiary because it creates better conditions for exploiting the potentials of the market.
There are large amounts of dangerous goods transported around the EU, both on roads and railroads and by sea.
This makes it necessary to have the right rules of this kind of transport.
Nearly after the neighbourhood, we're getting communal minimum regulations for the Member States.
This is extraordinaryly positive, and there's reason to thank the management officer, Mr. Koch, for the work he put in this matter.
This is also important where the internal markets are concerned.
If we get a common transport market on the run, it's important that we don't just have rules, but that these rules, as far as we can, apply for any country.
I'd like to conclude with comment on a third case that's also meaning, an amendment violated by parliament, Mr. Ari Vatanen.
In many ways, one Member State's terms are different to another.
By approveing this amendment, we think it might be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union.
This also makes it necessary to account for the ways that materials and packaging are affected by this species.
It's good that, in setting up the current rules, we can also be flexible. I hope the commission can accept the present amendment.
Mr. President, I don't just want to thank Mr. Koch, but also the vice president of the committee for the obvious and insignificant way they've declared their support in the transport sector and acknowledged as priority.
The reason Mr. Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Committee didn't go too expeditional.
I'd like to ask the Vice President if she's in a position to tell us what the state of the game is regarding the efforts of harmony made by these two organizations, and whether the EU is in a simple position with this.
For one thing, even if we come to an excellent arrangement within the European Union, traffic doesn't stop at our borders, it'll pass.
There's definitely every reason to introduce more regional conditions.
If the commissioner can't do that today, would she be willing to inform the committee about how important it is and what phase negotiations between the Cen and the Economic Committee are?
Mr. President, I'd like to congratulate Mr. Koch again with his wonderful work on this other report, which suggests that the debate was held in October on Rail Transport.
We regret that the European Committee for Standardisation has not been able, in the required time, to the amendment of the supplies necessary for the required harmony in Europe.
This debate and the amendment of it directly allows us to enable different elements that show the diversity of our Europe.
A moment ago, Mr. Vatans spoke to us about low temperatures, not 20 degrees under zero, but from 40 degrees under zero.
Of course, we accept that amendment - it's absolutely good - and I think we need specific circumstances that show the climate diversity of the European Union, who sometimes the shape of specific and concrete disorders for nature.
I'd like to say, regarding Mr. Swoboda's comment on the activities of the CEN, that we insisted on accelerating their work as soon as possible, because it would be terrible, despite the new deadline, we didn't have the same job after a year.
Finally, Mr. President, the basic problems that this amendment of the guidelines have been directed. We referred to the delay of the CEN, the amendment of certain supplies, the consistency between the board's text and the contents of the annexes and the need to make it more specific.
The commission accepts all contributions from the parliamentary committee and the reporter, Mr. Koch, who are in the different amendments, specifically four.
That's why we accept the four amendments that were introduced.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at noon.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
The next item is the report.
Mr. President, it's mostly nice that I make my first speech in the European parliament about what's considered the most important issue in the United Kingdom that I represent in this parliament, Wales.
A large part of Wales, as you know, Objective 1 has been given under the Structural Funds program.
It's clear that a lot of people in Wales are watching the European Structural Funds program to light up some of the major difficulties we're sure to face.
We've seen poverty grow in Wales, and we've still grown further since 1997. We've seen the hole between rich and poor wide.
We're looking for that, in the Structural Funds program not only to see industrial restructuring, but also to see an improvement in the entire economic base within the principality.
Which, however, is very harmful to us, is the belief that somehow the subsidy of the Structural Funds assistance is something that has been in a way, a success of the government.
It's unfortunately just an acknowledgement of the great difficulties Wales find.
That's why I want some of the issues I think the committee should have at the front.
We're looking at the committee to deal with points in relationships.
We're dissatisfied with the fact that these numbers are somehow hidden in UK numbers.
We're also looking at the committee to make sure that it matches funding projects.
We're looking to challenge the UK government to ensure that the private sector, who has to deliver the great impetus for Structural Funds, is involved in planning.
Finally, we're asking the commission to make sure Structural Fund Monies is in a way that transparents.
Too much of what's happening in this parliament isn't transparent.
This is an area where I believe the committee may be a good friend to Wales.
Mr. President, our committee sees these issues very differently and for starters, I will speak out of the question of research.
We see it as a very positive sign that, in her own conclusions, the wisdom of our cohesion Fund countries, clarifying the research infrastructure by locating universities, and that they might now learn better.
This will be possible with action on the governments, and such a decent education of higher education will be an indispensable policy the night of development.
Another case we'd like to address specifically, given the position of industrial policy, is that we preferred the commission to pay more attention to the effects of services, electronic trafficking, and the growing use of the Internet when they were Counds.
The poverty and wealth were more dependent on life interest.
The rich areas were there where jobs were industry, but today those areas could have become a burden, and they could be poor, which means we should also invest in new sectors of the industry, as I would call the future, because they could be electronics.
I don't think the committee has taken the report sufficiently, so on behalf of the Committee of Industry, Extern Trade, Research and Energy, I would notify the commission.
After all, if the committee represents energy, we'd like to have the support for renewing energy sources of Cohesion and Regional Development funds executed, more, so, by a substance of substances.
Mr. President, I would like to thank Mrs. Schroedter for the work she's done and to explain to colleagues that I speak for my colleague, Mrs. Flautre, who followed this for the Commite Service and Social Affair.
I'd like to draw attention to the people of Amendments Nos 1 and 2, who have been agreed to the Committee Employment and Social Affairs, but not accepted by the Committee at Policism and Tourism.
These amendments are dealing with the social economy and the need to offer social risks and financially support local plans financially to develop jobs and social cooperation.
In the past, this Parliament has seen the social economy as an important potential work provider.
These amendments also match the view of this parliament that social exclusion is a serious matter to need constructive action.
We hope those who reject these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer parliament and their citizens that are looking for work.
In her report, Mrs. Flautre also attracted attention to an area where coordinates don't match, but desperately necessary.
The committee refers to the four pillars of work strategy and the five fields of the European Social Fund.
But the lack of specific guidelines here is mostly regrettable, as the idea of setting up Social Fund's assistance to the labor strategy for the first time in the 2,000-06 program.
It may be said that the committee has no idea how to offer the maximum coordinate between the European Social Fund assistance, which is subject to review after three and a half years, and the Members is on national plans.
We hope the committee can reassure us that this was an overview that is now being treated with constructive.
Mr. President, commissioner, the proposal of the committee, consistent with his mandate, is a reasonable start for the command of Agriculture and Rural Development.
I'd like to point out that this start point is telling us the challenges that are facing us, preserving a population in national areas, given the changes that occur in all sorts of economic activities that separate the country.
This, as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructure and services and a generally low level of employment, which is more seasonal and evading diversity, destroying the suburbs.
The consequences don't inspire hope.
It's the young people who disappear, who get an education and find work outside the country areas that all have an inevitable effect on those areas.
This lack of infrastructure is also an obstacle for companies and creation of jobs.
We have to remember that national areas represent almost fourth of the European Union.
Agriculture only provides 5.5% work in Union.
Besides, three quarters of our farmers are part-time and demanding their income.
For this reason, one of the most important and essential objectives we have to put in the European Union to create new jobs in nations, outside the agricultural sector, in sectors like techniques, new activities.
While the role of agriculture isn't exclusive, it's still essential, not just to be economic and social desintegration and to prevent the creation of spirit cities, but also because farmers are playing a fundamental role in the environment and protection.
That's why we support the establishment of an agricultural policy that matches the targets we set. We want national areas, in the morning of the 21st century, to be competitive and multi-functional, with regard to farming and regarding the diversity of non-agricular activity.
It's important to prioritize general criteria for agriculture and demographic equilibrium, and to keep in mind about the Committee's conclusions at Agriculture and Ruvelope that are only taken at 16.
In conclusion, I would ask the commission to take these five points if I conclude the conclusions on the four pillars, because I believe that, for the European Union, the people in the country, they must be a priority of the object.
Mr. President, Commissioner, I want to start by thanking Mrs. Schroedter, the reporter, for her work. I think this work is very well done.
I also want to thank her for her willingness to go into dialogue with the other political groups as compromises should be achieved in the face of this avalanche of amendments - and perhaps there are more of them than we expect to be able to speak.
We think it's important that the commission account holds the conclusions adopted by this parliament, at least in mind, because on this stage, it looks like what we do here is a useless exercise, and nothing but the air.
The truth is we believe, and this is also the way the conclusions have been set up - that the committee has to answer for what is adopted by this Parliament, especially in the face of an interimrevision of these directly.
In our amendments, we have produced the importance of the necessary synergys between the Structural Funds, the Cohesion Fund and community initiative, so that their resources should be produced by the most eliminated means of elimination.
To reach a more rapid and efficient boost for inserting these objectives, we think those who have work, the real entrepreneurs and those who actually gamble new sources, that's part of this business.
Little and average companies, above all, have to participate in distribution of these funds.
If they don't, if businessmen feel martinized, if entrepreneurs can't take part, not only in managing, but in receiving these funds, we've missed a chance to control our targets.
Also, to preserve our goals, to overcome the dispatches between regions and to find sources of work, it's crucial to give our full support to new technology, to repair communication networks and repair.
All this has to be done - I repeat... with the participation of private matters, which, by combining his efforts with the public governments, but completing them, never impeding or excluding, will lead to the creation of society and society of society.
Mr. President, it's not my fault that I reminded my colleague, Mr. Evans, why Wales Objective 1 status. It was the discredit policy of his own Conservative Party.
Let me also remind him that when his party leader, Mr. Hague, Minister of Foreign Office was for Wales, he broke every rule in the book that led to a dying letter from Commissioner Wulf-Mathies with relations.
I can tell you that the British government is aware of his regular demands on Objective 1 extraalty.
I suggest Mr. Evans go back and read the rules.
My group has made a lot of amendments for both reports today.
I want to focus on the essential role of the guidelines. The goal is to support a framework and tools and support economic regeneration, to get the most effective use of resources in the broadest partnership and to put these regions back on the road and to restore life.
It's important to identify the skills and potential of our areas in the hi-tech sector. It's most important in the light of defeats in the media that Europe quickly loses the ground in the hi-tech growth industry of the future.
The operation from the last round of the programs is also very instructive to tell us what guidelines shouldn't be about.
They shouldn't create extra layers of bureaucracy and red tape. They shouldn't shift priorities and policy halfway through project development, result in in inevitable delay and interpreting, especially in the light of the new budget demands.
The implementation of the guidelines can't be left to the personal interpretation of some bureau officer, or on the commission or in civil service.
There must be an internal error in the commissioner while he respects the specific local and regional aspects of commission programs.
The conclusion is that we have to make the case for guidelines to be wide, indicative and flexible to assist our programmers and fundraiser and the maximum potential of our new regeneration.
If we can inject a spirit of enterprise into our poor and structural weak areas... We finally get them back on the road of attracting substantial investors confidence, which will be the key to future successes.
This is how we're gonna judge the success of these guidelines, or EU regional policy with a good, solid, concerning guideline, open new opportunities and let our arms and structure play in the entire area of Eth.
Mr. President, Commissioner, I'd like to thank Mrs. Schroedter for an excellent report.
She's somehow involved in some depth and in the committee debate, she took account of many amendments detailed with this report.
The reporter also claimed that parliament wasn't heard about the guidelines in time.
We're not behind this right now.
Hopefully the position of Parliament will help, however, in the middle-term appraisation of the programs and their practical implement.
For now, the report was growing too big when it became guilt.
It contained details and issues that were already increased in previous reports.
In this stage, it's more important to assess how we can use this process to control the regional policy, to keep in mind that the purpose is to reduce regional inequality.
Our group reduces the importance of the principle of subsidiarity, the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in setting programs.
It's important to get SMEs involved in the planning and implementation of programs.
Our group considers it also important to consider more of a remote and peripheral areas and wishes to increase the interaction between cities and national areas.
We reschedule against the excessive control of the Union's central government and the Member States practices and we call for a reducement in the bureaucracy that took root in designs.
Projects with support of the Unie have often watered their effects by making slow decisions and complicated administrative trials.
The funds are often granted for projects that had no advantage in the area that was delivered.
Projects need to be more efficient, more flexible, and they need to be more productive.
While the report was prepared, it was interesting to discuss the Unie's regional policy in general.
For our new members, it was the first time, and this was a very interesting process.
This report is very good and our group supports it.
Mr. President, Commissioner, as evidence that this Parliament hasn't overcome his role as consultative and subordinative institution, the excellent report by a fellow member of my group, Elisabeth, has not been in the state of 2,000 years.
With this in mind, this House should at least demand that, before the Communist support for the period in question, they're studied and filed for debate in this parliament, specifically in the light line today. This is because we think she's especially capable of creating his work in the poorest and least developed regions and we'd turn the damaging trends to inequality that exists in European society and go to Europe.
Mr. President, we must not forget that the most important, strategic purpose of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and their coordinates need to reach economic and social conspiracy.
We're obliged to participate in directives and also assess their results.
We are obliged to do that, because we are the representatives of Citizens citizens in Europe and not only in a Europe of America and of Regions.
We think the Funds are a necessary but insufficient condition for reaching economic and social cooperation.
We could be mistaken in using the dirty domestic product per resident as the only indicator.
Some speakers are already talking about unemployment and the fall in the population.
We'll have to study different indicators, which allow us to see the current state of regional societys that are in a worse situation than others, and how they evolve.
It's clearly from some of the reports that were introduced to the Parliament plenary today that Europe enjoys 25 most prosperic areas of unemployment five times more than in the least 25 areas.
This fact means the European parliament, the commissioner and the committee need to decide and act strategically.
I agree that the European parliament didn't have the chance or it didn't get the chance, as we reached the end of the parliamentary term to discuss the directors.
I don't think this report came too late.
We need to consider it together, so that the new Objective One programs and the plans for regional development, which were set up before the directives come in power, can be filed for review and proper review.
We agree that halfway through these programs, if the review of the directors is made, the parliament needs to get an influential role on the ground we represent.
Our citizens can't accept that the European Union makes decisions in a way that, at least, bureaucratic.
They need to see the political dimension work, to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens.
This is what we're asking the commissioner today.
I'd like to think that, given his previous experience as regional president, he'll agree to suggest indicators, and a strategy, which will cherish economic and social conspiracy, and not just productivity.
Mr. President, I'm supporting the most important recommendations of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2,000-2006 and the most important recommendations of the report that has to be entered by the Cohesion Fund. This means there must be a compressive partnership between local authorities and national governments regarding how these funds are spent.
Members of the United States have to suture larger interests to integrated strategys for reliving relationships between cities and land. This last point is of particular interest.
While urban renewal in our cities is very important... We should always stimulate a balance in our policy... between promoting the nation's development and improved the city residents. We don't just want to build a Europe of cities.
The Structural Funds have played an important role in the development of both city parts and lands, especially by the upgrading of roads, water treatment and transportation networks.
This trial will continue with the financial expenses of the EU leaders in their Berlin Sumit last year, who were supported by Parliament in the last Mayan partsession.
Key EU programs between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped improve the economic competitive of periforary countries and Objective 1 regions in Europe.
The key is now to comfort and permanently make progress. This ensures that the peripheral countries and the ultraperipheral regions, the poorer regions in Europe, are in a position to successfully work in the new European valuation zone, and also an eternal citizenship of the existence.
In conclusion, while the most important infrastructure projects have been supported by the European Regional Development Fund and the Cohesion Fund, we have to remember that the European Social played a major role in our community.
The Social Fund certainly improved our third level institutions, funded our post-living programs and placed comprehensive schematics to fight youngsters and long-term literature, early literatures.
Mr. President, on many occasions in the past, I disagree with the bandit about her approach to regional policy problems. I agree with her this time.
Either this encourages her to follow the same path, I can't say. Still, I'd like to recommend her at work.
The second point I'd like to make is that we'd rather have it if the guidelines were added to the regulation in the form of an annex, like we and Mrs. McCarthy, authorization relating to the general rule.
Unfortunately, this didn't happen. Mr. Bernié is not the fault of this as a case for the previous committee.
I'm elevating the matter to restore the position of parliament.
Third, we agree on the general guidelines that they do not deviate from the comments we've made so far.
They're mostly beneficiary to the Member States, and I'd like to draw your attention to the emphasis that the committee has placed on the issues of durable development, job creation, and mostly on equal opportunity.
Personally, I'm at least for the guidelines.
As islander, I want to express my dissatisfaction to the lack of recognition of the island development.
This isn't the first time this issue doesn't get the consideration it deserves. This is the five years I've been a Member of this parliament, and I've raised the matter over and over again.
Commissioner, we will continue to increase the matter as Article 158, paragraph 1, from the Treaty of Amsterdam, provided an integrated policy for islands.
That's why the commission has to take matters once and for all.
The time has come to implement the programs, so Member States should also take responsibility and do their job well.
As for us in parliament, I'd like to remind you of the code of behavior between the commission and the Parliament signed in May.
I'm sure this code will be observed and that Parliament will keep the developments and details of the programs.
Mr. President, Commissioner, in this moment and a half I should congratulate Mrs. Schroedter.
I know that many have already done that, but she has indeed earned our praise to be open and thoughtful for proposing of all sides, and I think it's this openness that gave her the quality we see today.
I share the regrets she expressed, because the Parliament is involved in the day that concerns these directives, since now the procedure for negotiations with the states so far advanced that I can't see what I'm reporting.
I think we should look at the future and establish directives for the midterm review in 2003, and so we have an impact on the second stage of programming 2003.
In short, I'd like to say we enter the period when we're called to manage the program for 2,000-2006, which is not a routine period for the good reason we have two great challenges.
The first is the harmony of national development policy and regional development policy.
Subsidies aren't enough to ensure the development as infrastructure and public services are missing.
We have to ask ourselves a fundamental question, how can we make sure that Union policy communicates with the subsidiary national policy for regional developments?
The second challenge is that of enlargement that naturally affects both in budgetary and geographic terms.
These are two areas of action that I'm inviting the commissioner to file and where I would ask him to involve us.
Finally, in this time of natural disasters, I'd like to call the matter of using Structural Funds.
As you know, it's up to every state to rewrite a part of the total application.
Europe shouldn't be completely absent, as the states want.
The public opinion and the press are accusing us that we're not available to comment, even if we fund a major proportion of national operations.
I think we can say this loud and clear.
I also think we should make sure Member States ask for certain that publicity is given to European help when it's used to repair damage by natural disasters or accidents.
Mr. President, the priority given to financial and monetary criteria strengthens the contents of every form and shape.
As for French planning experts, for example, the most likely scenario today is from the intrusion of regional dispatches in every country.
The Structural Funds helped use a brake for this trial.
Our project of a Europe that focuses on satisfying social needs provides the convergence of living conditions to the highest common denominator. His implementation definitely requires the scope of redistribution instruments as the Structural Funds.
What we suggested is a united capital tax, which makes it possible to increase the funds to support the harmony of social protection systems and reduce the equivalent of European work.
The committee, although tied to regulation, does that only contradict and vaguely.
The report redecorated his place today in the political phase. It's one of the steps to a policy of employment and sustainable development.
This is what convinces us to vote for it.
Mr. President, I also want to congratulate the reporter with her excellent work.
In the next few years, facing the challenges of globalization and eastward enlargement, Europe, more than ever, will require a detailed guidance on how to relive his economy.
Until this end, Europe will be a whole, and every Member State individual, optimal to use all available resources and capacities, including the Structural Funds.
For this to be possible, what we need from the European commission isn't just good intentions, but clearer guidelines and a firm dedication to use the way these resources are used by the Member States.
In the past few years, Italy has had problems using the Structural Funds, especially because of excessive bureaucracy, insufficient information, and a lack of economic and social operators at the local level.
There are two points where I want to draw attention from the commission.
First of all, we need to make the best use of consultation as a means to ensure the right coordinate and participation by all local and regional operators in decisions, just so that unbalances and inequity can avoid. Secondly, a real effort is necessary to make administrative procedures simpler and transparency, because they're all too long and complicated to access the Funds.
This is about what European little and average companies, especially, mostly complaining.
I will conclude, Mr. President, by saying that failing the commissioner's communications are targeting territorial pacts, and mostly, methods of fighting unemployment among women and young people are serious care.
Mr. President, as my colleague Mr. Evans, it's a pleasure to stand up and hold my first speech to this house at this very important point, especially since I represent a part of the United Kingdom, the West Midlands, who has Objection.
But the report for the House tonight is an example of how, if we're not very careful, we can produce very large ideas that have the lack of fabric to make them relevant to the people who take advantage of them immediately.
The report itself is well-intented, but as often as we're dealing with these issues, it's missing clarity and a sound base for possibilities.
That's why me and my group were proposing three important amendments and filling the text, not taking away the proposal, but to make it more relevant to the ones it is to lead.
I'd like to explain ourselves.
First of all, we're worried about the right use of the Structural and Cohesion Funds.
Recent experience dictates that, as the elected representatives of the European taxpayer, we have to do that, and we do need financial terms and transparency in the disbustering and audition of this money as advised to the information.
Then we all see a lot of money spending on projects whose outcomes are necessarily unclear at the beginning of the program.
But at the center or the end of that period, there's no effective way to end the project if it hasn't been proven successful.
Our appropriate addition to preservation of practical enforcement strategy, so we can not only avoid the required insurance components that are often charged with taxpayers, but we also sympathize.
Finally, we're calling for a change in balance and method that divides the funds.
There must be more involved in the private sector that will introduce the financial reality as perspective in the funding equation.
Also the kind of project that needs to be funded away from small income projects that are difficult to monitor, to capital schedules where, in the majority of matters, the benefits that are there to see.
That way, the necessary need for transparency is in the use of these funds and temptation to sign unnecessary term in the local fiscal base in areas where such projects are being located and to show the European Parliaise.
If these changes today are supported by the House, I think they'll move us into the next phase of acquiring the historical objectives that have set up the funds to surrender, to assist in accommodating the European management, but not in Europe.
I request the House to support these changes.
Mr. President, Commissioner, I'd also like to announce the reporter on her report, which is a very close job.
The European Union's structural and cohesive policy, no doubt, essential tools to create the right conditions with a view to reduce the levels of economic and social dispathy. Despite the steps, these levels are still very high, and his unacceptable high as consideration of unemployment.
These policy objects can only be achieved by their careful coordinates and organization based on good thought-out and sensitive guidelines.
Don't let us forget that if this policy is effective, they also benefit European citizens by improveing their quality of life.
Don't let us forget that those larger consideration to the islands and remote areas of the European Union should be given... Because their geographic location is an obstruction for their economic and social development, unless the commission is planning to build under European tunnels or tunnels.
In closing time, I'd like to report that the structural policy is an entirely required flexibility, so they can adjust to the new conditions and react to the new challenges and the chances of the new milliums we hope for.
Mr. President, Mrs. Schroedter's report undetectable contains some major observations, and I want to congratulate her on that. However, I think we should be more concerned about the actual direction and outcome of the regional policy of the community.
In short, structural policy does not enlighten the problem of mass unemployment in any way, it gets worse.
The agricultural economy and agriculture areas are increasingly damaged by the existing regional policy, which has had dramatic consequences in farmlands and the condition of the South.
Regional differences are much more marked in the Member States.
If we examine the data from the sixth periodic report, we'll see that the last decade witness has been a proliferation of regional disparations.
A small consideration, if anything is given to the great problems with the islands of the Unie, whose failings affect infrastructure, transport, communication, and energy results in their grasp.
The economic and social policy of the Unie is as much to blame.
A large part of the population of the Union has condemned this policy for dangerous and antique grassroots.
Unfortunately, the new guidelines seem to go the same way, and there are no signs that things will change once they're infiltrated.
Mr. President, I'd like to say a few words to raise two points in these reports that are of fundamental strategic interest to the way we see the Union.
The first is the fundamental, central importance we keep giving to the principle of economic and social cooperation.
We're worried to hear news that the commission is taking this object less seriously.
We still find that economic and social conspiracy is one of the fundamental targets of the Unie.
Second of all, I agree with what's already said about the matter of the islands and I'd also like to bring the outer regions to your attention.
In the future, we want to see more ambition on the subject of the outer regions like in my country, the islands of the Azores and Madeira.
I'd like to ask if the commission can relieve us of the reasons for the delay in the commissioner's report on the outer regions that have been waited long by Parliament?
Mr. President, first of all, I'd like to thank the reporter, not the least to get in the report the suggestions we've made.
Mr. President, Commissioner, the directives are intended to help the Member States achieve reforms in the programs.
However, unlike their claim to provide guidance, the commissioner's proposals in this respect have been reduced to a much larger level of potential measures in the scope of the different policy.
However, their true purpose is to point the direction and priorities.
I agree with the reporter that unfortunately contains the document in the way of companies and companies,
I'm mostly in favor of a proposal amendment of my group to paragraph 10, to ensure an appropriate level of private sector involvement in the planning and implementation of the projects.
I should be very grateful to you, Mrs. Schroedter, if you would like to bring this proposal into reality in the part that has to do with your positive intention.
Mr. President, Commissioner, in the Commission of Employment and Social Affairs, we have unanimously supported the criteria that it was of strategic interest and a matter of priority to support the Fünts.
Unfortunately, the outstanding Schroedter report hasn't accounted for this criteria, despite the fact that there is significant evidence to show, as we will later in the Berend report, how, in fact, this funds are separated from most of Europe.
They grow, but only for GDP.
They're upping the competition, but they're not all experienced an increase in wealth, because there's no increase in action and there's still a difference in business between regions.
Commissioner, please read the opinion of the Committee about work and social business and treat it as a matter of priority, because this is the biggest problem of our citizens.
Please account, in strategic terms, in revision, and in confirmation of spares, employers, because this, is fundamentally what the Structural Funds and the Cohes Fundion.
Mr. President, it's important that the directives go in the right direction... And that they guarantee the effectiveness of the program's programs of the crucial seven-year period 2-2006, so we can make sure that development and work creation, especially young and social policy is a social policy.
It's most important to address those serious issues about local areas, construction in farming areas and similar developments for the islands of the European Union and for the Greek islands, including the 15-century structures.
Cohesion policy must be reinforced, because a Europe who ignores the standard of life in the regions can't be reliable or viable.
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my great interest in listening to the comments, occasionally critical and suggestions that some of you have made in your speeches with reference to Mrs. Schroedter's reports.
Everyone understands, Mrs. Schroedter, ladies and gentlemen, the reasons and the time limits are involved, and I'm coming back to this point, and as far as the time limits or delays are concerned, since we're discussing this report as the new committee is for the new year.
Mrs. Schroedter, you have reported directly that while the chief is headed to the Member States and the regions to define their own priorities in developments, European union that the programs are supposed to define, and those conditions should also be involved.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to return to the role and the structure of the guidelines before I mention the main comment and criticism that you, Mrs. Schroedter, and the different Members of this house have made.
In addition to the role and the structure of these guidelines, Mr. Hatzidakis, Mrs. Schroedter and Mrs. McCarthy said that the purpose of these directives is to prep the national and regional assistances with the three of their lines.
This means the commissioner's priorities based on previous experience in performing the programs, and also current communist policy that involve structural operations.
The purpose is that these priorities must contribute to the better use, to the optimum and efficient use, as some of you wish, of communion involvement, including, Mr. Bradbourn, is the most necessary use of Europe, and it is the most important thing for the use of Europe.
If I speak of optimal satisfaction, I'll both refer to national and regional levels. And so, Mr Seppänen, I will also be speaking on national level, the link to the Cohesion Fund.
This is the purpose of these guidelines.
On their contents, as you know, ladies and gentlemen of this house, they are focused on three strategic priorities that clearly pointed to your understanding, but at the same time, they are focused on her, as I now understand.
The first priority is to improve the competition of regional economies, in all sectors, but mostly in the private sector, as Mr. Berend said, the maximum number of serious, and permanently, Evaneconomics only.
And, because there are some of you who have just assigned what you look like an omission, also let me be the regional economies of the European regional regions, handicapped by their distance of the Centre, they are, of course, the areas, of course.
Perhaps I can inform Mr. Ribeiro and Castro, who asked me this, that, as I wrote to the presidents of each of the most remote areas, the commission did ask for a few weeks to publish his anum.
The most remote areas calculated was just very bad that we received the memorandums of the different governments, but this is not necessarily an excuse, just a statement.
Which is why we need to consider these memorandums and provide an extremely thorough work.
I took part in a meeting of the most remote areas on November 23, and within the College, we considered we needed a few more weeks before we could make a report that was appropriate for the extreme problems and the expectations of these areas. I would thank you for understanding this case.
So that's the first priority, the competition of regional economies.
The second priority, which some of you have stressed out, Mr. Puerta in particular, but there were others, not that I mentioned them in an order of priority, is reinforcing social cooperation and maintenance in human history.
Ladies and gentlemen, we now have a European Union where the disparations between countries are observed to prove the effectivity and the value of the Cohesion Fund, but at the same time, in relation to the 20s of region. This is a situation that, as it should be, unjust and unbearable.
As far as I'm concerned, considering my own concept of building Europe and regional development policy in particular - this is a situation I find unacceptable and I have all intentions as far as I can, with your support, but I'm good at Europe.
The third target is urban and national development within the scope of a balanced territorial policy. In fact, the directives take two horizontal principles into account.
The first is national development, and let me say, Mrs. Schroedter, that I've been included in the development of durable transport, a matter I've been involved in for a long time. I remember mostly the time I was minister to the Environment in my own country.
The second principle is that of equal opportunities, especially for men and women, and also the European strategy for work and the context of economic and monetary Union.
After all, and to react to the concern that you have expressed in this house, especially you, Mrs. Schroedter, in these guidelines, we remember the interest and the definition of the occasion, the occasion of the situation, the concern of the situation, the matter of the matter, the matter of the matter,
However, I want to tell you, since you've asked me to do this, as far as I'm concerned, this partnership, and I've spent long enough as a regional manager in my own country, to say this sincere part, is a competitor of the currents.
These are the reasons why the directives are presented according to the thematic priorities, because they need to be considered, among each of the objective objects, in different measures, in accordance with the specific situation of Meber and Meber.
I should respond to some of the comments you made, ladies and gentlemen, and first on the procedure.
It's where that consultation with the Parliament only comes on a late date.
Let me remind you that when the directives were adopted by the committee, in the form of a concept in February 1999, in the line of a new procedure intended to make it easier to comment on this text, for Mrs. Wulflia, she presents immediately.
Given the elections of the European Parliament that took place this time, parliament was unable to take his research on these guidelines until after the text was finalized in 1999.
Here in this Chamber, ladies and gentlemen, I want to assure you that in negotiations for the programs that have just begun, Mr. Hatzidakis has asked me a question, regarding Member States, your observation will be considered.
And let me assure you, if the committee adopts the directives with what we call the midterm review in mind, in line with the rules, then the position of this house, as expelled in this report, will be taken.
Now the form. On the subject of the role of the guidelines, Mrs. Schroedter, you bet this is the context in which guidelines on some European targets, often very precise objects must be provided.
I won't mention all of them, but they'll fulfill intersectoral policy, increased efficiency in the use of public funds, help the different partners in setting up regional or national programming, and so on.
The committee notes this, but several of these guidelines or these questions are more related to other documents, like the Guide to the reform of the Structural Funds or the methodological work documents.
I'd like to focus on some challenges you repeated, Mrs. Schroedter.
I don't think these guidelines are specific enough in their recommendations.
This claim that your report should be made in the context of last spring negotiations.
The committee held to the true text of Article 10 of the Structural Funds regulation, which determines the purpose of these guidelines is to provide Member States with Communists, with widowed indication and directed. I quote the text myself, in quotes.
Besides, the directives can't be replaced for the programming or the ex-rape that needs to be used to speculate priorities and the effectiveness of these programs.
You mentioned then, Mrs. Schroedter, the part of the guidelines involved in the city development wasn't sufficiently considered.
I find the opposite of the case. I want to confirm the great importance of the committee, and I will suture to our cohesion policy.
Yes, I have recently said so much to all the ministers responsible for city policy at a meeting in Tampere.
As for the national development, some of you, especially Mrs. Redondo Jiménez, the directives are in line with the two-time objective record by your reporter: A strong farming sector with increte areas in Europe, but also the regions.
It must be stressed that the directives under discussion are related to the Structural Funds, whose Objectives 1 and specifically adopt the diversification of the community as a priority.
And yes, on the subject of the balance of the national society, let's not forget that the new policy is also funded by the EAGF Guaranteeee Section, programmed at the rebuilding of Europe.
In this stage, I just want to say that I liked to integrate it in the programming for Objective 2 national areas, like the EAGF Guidance Section for Objective 1.
Anyway, I appreciate the vigilance of your committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in this case.
For the consequences, I'd like to tell Mr. Savary that tomorrow we're going to have a special debate about the consequences of the storms that France, Austria and Germany, in particular, in the last few weeks, and we're going to agree that we're going to agree on the committe with the committee.
I will reserve the right, if you allow it, sir, to give you my own opinion, which, to a great amount, matches your own recommendation about what we can do to fight the oil splinter with Object 2.
I'll remind you that the Committee will approve the Objection Two plans for France, Sweden, Austria and Luxemburg tomorrow. Then we have an appropriate tool for work, especially in the majority of the areas affected by the storms.
Indeed, this is my reason for visiting a personal visit the day after tomorrow to two of the French departments who are severely disabled by the storms.
In conclusion, thank you for your understanding, Mr. President, I would like to thank you, Mrs. Schroedter, for the quality of your work and that of the committee and to tell you that I am very pleased, a few of our differences. We talked about this, and I've been trying to clarify my position.
I'm very happy with the level of support offered by your home to the committee to set up these guidelines that were filed to the Member States for information when they set up their own programs.
This can only strengthen the concept based on some elements of good practice from our experience of the current 1994-1999 programs. I feel that this is good for effective cooperation between our two institutes, at this time as programming for the period of 2,000-2006, good cooperation, that is Mr. Hatzge, which I can see through two things.
The debate is closed.
The vote will take place tomorrow at noon.
Social and economic situations and development of the regions of the Union.
The next item is the debate of the report.
Mr. President, Commissioner, this sixth periodic report on the social and economic situation and development of the European Union constituents a mile pole in the analysis of regional data and progress in this area.
However, I believe the mention of a real convergence of average regional development levels in Europe is a little overrated view of the situation and, unfortunately, this is often the message in the press and in some speeches.
The committee reports generally this observation, especially when it refers to the social and economic situation of some regions where I have a special interest, which I mean the French overseas departments and most of the areas.
With all due respect, I'm glad to see that the Commission of Regional Police, Transport, and Tourism adopted one of my amendments to dedicate a specific chapter in Amsterdam in his next report on the coheniquent, specifically, specifically.
After all, in my eyes, this sixth periodic report presents interesting arguments from the perspective of a real project for the balanced sustaining development of Europe, especially if it's the interest of relationships between the central areas and leaving Europe.
Even if the committee is still contradictive to expliciting a fashion, his periodic report shows the urgent need to promote polycentric development of the communion area through the Universe's ploys and separations.
Mr. President, the group of the European Socialists in this parliament agrees with the report that Mr. Berend has just presented and congratulations the author, both at the quality of his conclusions, and those were in order to improve.
It must be remembered that the European competitiveness in general terms, 81% of the United States of America will improve as the figure for our competitive units, that also improves the region. Besides, this is at a time when technological development, economic globalization and our problems, that enlargement, and the only currency, demanding that the regions, as well as companies and indiscretion to be more competitive.
The sixth report of the European commission gives very valuable conclusions.
I'll summon two of those marked men by the reporter, one positive and a negative.
The first is that there have been significant progresses made in regional and social conspiracy by the Union and that the communion Funds has been a great one, although not decisive, factor in reduced regionality in qualities.
The negative conclusion is that the great effort has been more efficient in harmonizing the European region's GDP and productivity than in harmonize his levels of unemployment.
That's why it's necessary to connect structural finances that are more accurately his work creation.
This, Commissioner, is the first commandment for the next period.
So, Mr. President, I'm asking my colleague Members to approve this report, and I'm asking the commission, as other speakers have done, to correct the conclusions of their sixth period as the sixth programme for the 2,000 period.
Mr. President, Commissioner, I want to thank the reporter for his excellent work and for having the approved amendments while the commission debated it.
The sixth periodic report gives a base to assess the Union policy.
The report shows that growing was wrong, despite all our efforts.
Very fast growth continues in Central Europe.
The strongest regionals also grow faster than the general European average, where many Southern European and northern areas develop slowly.
We need a deep analysis now why regional policy doesn't produce the most wanted result in all areas.
Is the reason bureaucracy or is it because insufficient remarks have been taken from interregional differences, long distances, climates too cold or too hot, sparse populations and conditions?
How can the Union react to the challenges of worldwide development in a way that the less developed areas can remain a part of that development?
It's also important to find out what the effects of Union enlargement will be at Structural Funds and the development of the Union's more distance zones.
The Member States should also carry their responsibility.
Some Member States have a fracture to the principle of subsidiarity and cut national regional funds as regional aid through the Union.
This has been severed in the results that produced regional policy.
In the future, we also need to develop indicators so that those measures can be addressed at the right time.
For example, uncontrolled migration isn't given enough consideration.
In this connection, we also need to be given weight to the decisive importance of SMEs as employers and forces behind regional development.
It's absolutely essential that companies in areas that slowly adopt the latest technology and know how.
Our group is for adopting this report.
Mr. President, Commissioner, the European Union's regional policy is so far, unable to interpret, in any way, the existing differences in our residents.
We have a serious situation where in the European Union today, there's a real link between unemployment and poverty, as shown by the very caring fact that unemployment has been achieved, at average 23%, with the worst-careliced area.
Given this situation, the report should be approved by the Parliament to increase the necessity of measures that are inevitably inevitable to fight relatively poverty and unemployment and unemployment, measures of the city's communications radiation.
There should also be measures that respect and develop the resources and the possibilities of the agriculture and fishermen, who often do damage to the European Union's own insensitive policy, and create the promoting young people.
Only by the decisive application of this kind of measure we will be able to overcome social and regional inequality, which is not the historical product of inherent defects, but margins and effects.
Mr. President, Commissioner, Mr. Berend's report is right in line with strategy determined by the European commission, as the question to increase competitivity, courtesy to the fore.
The overarchives of the structural funds like work creation, increaseing equality of opportunity, increase the durability of work and development, are only called in passing.
This attitude seems unfair. I'd also ask that there's a bigger expression at these points in the seventh period.
This doesn't mean I don't see the need for competitivity, especially because I'm an entrepreneur in an Objective One Region, which is in Brandenburg in the Federal Republic of Germany, and I'm just a smaller and I know that I'm a smaller.
It's absolutely crucial that parallel temporary measures are introduced in the Objective 1 Regions, which is to say job creation measures, special programs for helping women in the workings and workings.
They're supported by appropriate European structure activities.
Only competitive companies' competition will never compensate for the cohesion between economic and social development, because there is no basis for a self-supporting upturnection in this one.
After all, the knowledge that economic development alone doesn't help fight unemployment to support the fact than an increase of at least 3% in dirty domestic product requires to create extra jobs.
Concentrate on the exclusion of all other substances and economic policy isn't the answer.
And those who investigate such a policy must invest in expansion for the most part and to a lesser level, in rationalization.
It's necessary for this to hand in hand with a demand-orient economic policy if we want to improve social situations in these areas.
The situation varies to a huge degree in the regions. In other words, what it takes is a number of sealed measures if anything comes up.
For example, these are measures for vocation training, for further parenting, for reintegration of people who have already been excluded from production processing, for the flexibility of working, to enhance social endeavors.
Mr. President, my compliments to the reporter for his in-depth report.
The main purpose of the structural funds is to strengthen social and economic compound between the regions within the European Union.
By stimulating a diversity of investments, the European Union increases the GDP per capita and to increase work.
From the sixth periodic report on the regions, one can draw the hesitative conclusion that these stimulans don't always have the desired effect.
The attempts to increase the GDP per capita in Objective 1 regions don't always result in such an increase, not a satisfying result in a period, especially in the last few years, economic growth.
As reported by the reporter, the effects of the structural measures are on the other side, minimally as employment.
Some reservations about the effectiveness of the Communist aid have been called for.
Also observation that the differences between regions in Member States sometimes increase more probable questions.
Mr. President, it seems worth paying attention to both national and regional authorities, especially in connection with increased employment. It is, after all, those who have the most knowledge of the regions that fall under their rematch.
By getting them developed tailor plans for the relevant regions and if necessary, connecting this with financial help can be achieved a higher return.
This must be the ultimate goal.
That's why I'm in favor of the committee deleting the practical details and the implementation of measures to the Member States and regions.
Given this, it's probably more meaningful, including financial help to the regions, to say Member States any more.
By moving the criteria of the regions to the Member States, we can avoid a lot of trouble later.
Finally, I want to draw attention to the position of the Central and Eastern European countries.
The report shows they're generally behind EU countries, especially in terms of GDP per Capita.
With the planned accomplice of a large number of countries in the provisible future, it's a matter of urgency to review the current structural policy.
I'd like to take this opportunity to follow the example of others and call the commission to reform instead of later.
Mr. President, Commissioner, after the accurate investigation of this report, one cannot escape the conclusion that it was possible to complete the objective of structural policy.
For example, while the differences between the regions have increased rather than reduce, there is a certain amount of convergence between the Member States itself in this respect.
Some unemployment levels in the worst affected regions barely fell, indeed they rose in some cases.
I wonder why the structural funds don't work more efficiently.
Even the accusation of cohesive duties and the structural funds don't have the desired effect in all regions and countries.
Since it is the goal of all the politicians in Europe to reduce unemployment, one must ask the critical question, whether the policy is the right, whether it's more appropriate to increase the competitions of the operation and improve the activity.
Genuine structural reforms and a competitive tax policy are the cornerstones of a successful economic base.
If we don't want to be charged with chasing a cost-intensive structure policy that doesn't do anything to improve the unemployment situation in the long term, then the measures must be analyzed so far.
All we can say is that the structural policy of the Unie has been a success if we can create a satisfaction number and if there's a significant reduction in the unemployment.
Mr. President, commissioner, my thanks to the reporter for treating this important report, because developments in social and economic situation will decide what the citizens of Europe will assess that we have been successful in our work.
This matter, which affects their daily lives, is a major issue as regarding EU credibility.
It should be conceived that the EU has already helped, I'd say it's the development of poor countries.
I remember how Portugal and Greece used to be when I first drove through those countries 20 years ago.
In this connection, French speakers spoke of a coup the chap in other words, I take my hat off to the EU.
The EU deserves such a gesture, but differences between rich and poor countries are still too big.
What's the result?
People respond to voices with their feet and go where they can earn a crust.
Then we have to build schools, hospitals, and the whole infrastructure for the same people in the same country many times.
This is very valuable and it also causes great social problems.
Most people want to live in the area where they were born and raised, when they got the chance, in other words, if there was work.
We have to give them this chance.
This is a moral obligation of the EU and all of us.
The solution, as I see it, is clearly encouraging company.
By enterprise, I mean not only the property of business, but creating will. I mean the attitude where someone wants to get into life, whether he or she's an employee, the owner of a company or an official.
What's a fair society?
One where someone from a modest background can come into life, so that life can be a little easier for his or her children.
This way, positive development of the regions is also possible, because people will start with business and work if they get a chance.
Finally, I'd say in this matter we need to learn a lesson from America, where hard work is still in fashion and success is an indication of skill and not the object of envy, as it is often here in Europe.
President, Commissioner, if my time is limited, I'll be straight to the point.
First of all, let me make a statement, the fruits of growth are not divided within the Union. The most remote areas, still hit hard by catastrophic unemployment numbers, offer an example of this.
In Reunion, for example, the price is 37%.
This isn't a situation related to the economic climate, however, instead it's a structural problem made by our remote control, our insularity, in short, our specific personality.
The principle of specific, exceptional treatment was provided in Article 299 of the Treaty of Amsterdam to deal with such matters. It's just to practice this principle.
The commission document expected to be ready in December 1999 was delayed until January, then February, and the first thought doesn't fill me with much optimism.
That's why I'm appealing to the Council and the commission.
With regard to taxes, state assistant, the Structural Funds and defending our traditional products, his practical measures are fascinated by bold and ambition should be scheduled as a matter of urgency. If these aren't material, then, unfortunately, convergence and cohesion won't be more than words for us, and it's feared that the structural policy in our regions, despite the size of the failures.
Mr. President, as all previous speakers have done, I would like to thank Mr. Berend and congratulate him with the quality of his report.
Just like the previous report, this extremely competent and precise analysis, the recommendations that support and your own commentary, ladies and gentlemen, will be useful to the committee in general and the commissioner who is currently in charge of 2,000.
I'd also like to comment, Mr. Berend, regarding the review you've made of this sixth periodic report.
You pointed the quality of the report and you even wrote, if I'm not mistaken, it marked an improvement in comparison with previous reports.
On behalf of all the officials of the commission and my predecessor, Mrs Wulf-Mathies, I must inform you that we were very alert to the evaluation of this house and alone.
The committee wanted to make sure that this sixth periodic report should show that progress was made and a threshold in terms of the quality of the analysis you filed.
I think in particular the contents of chapter 2.1 of this report, where the committee investigation did in greater detail the economic definitions of regional competitive competitive competitivity, and the extension that you've been trying to improve.
I'm thinking technological research and development, infrastructure providence and quality, human resources potential, small and average companies and direct investment from abroad.
So much for quality.
I don't want to spend time right now, Mr. Berend, regarding my opinion of the general points that your house has already kept. The first point enters the conclusion of this report in setting the priorities of the new regional policy, especially for the negotiation of programing documents with the Member States.
Second, partnership, a subject that stressed some of you, the role of local and regional authorities, the private sector, both sides of the industry, cooperations and local community groups.
Given this problem of partnership, I will be very considerate to ensure that the terms of the Structural Funds are well assigned.
Third, the necessity of developing the working side of the growth, even though I'm aware, as Mr. Van Dam just said, is the first responsibility that of the Member States, and that if we speak of this kind of business,
Mr Fruteau just said that the fruits of growth were undetectable.
Mr Fruteau, at least we have to acknowledge that there's growth, and that we don't work in a period of stagnation or recognition, as the past has been.
You'll tell me that situations of growth or short don't all look alike. I agree with your analysis.
If there's growth, it's got to be better divided, but a case that's even harder, and those areas are seriously affected by their remote control, they're the most remote or islands, the lack of all growth.
Fourth, a point that Mrs Hedkvist has just stressed Petersen, the promotion of an equal opportunity for women and young people.
Fifth, the importance and the role of small and medium companies. Mr. Vatanen has expressed this very powerful.
Finally, the positive effects on the national government of the Structural Funds' system, the motivations of officials in managing these funds, even if it's complicated, and reinstate the committee.
In connection with this, I have to inform the European parliament of my intention to organize halfway through the year 2000 a seminar with national and regional authorities in this matter of the evaluation of the Fundationalism.
I'd like to call a few specific points.
Mr. Berend, you have a wish that sons should be infiltrated soon.
We're coming to an end of the suning phase. Tomorrow the committee decides the case for four countries and I hope it'll be Italy's turn.
