--- GROUND TRUTH EN ---
 
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded 'millennium bug' failed to materialise, still the people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that truly were dreadful.
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days, during this part-session.
In the meantime, I should like to observe a minute' s silence, as a number of Members have requested, on behalf of all the victims concerned, particularly those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
Please rise, then, for this minute' s silence.
 
--- EN -> DE -> EN ---
 
Although, as you have seen, the dreaded "millennium bug" did not materialise, people in a number of countries nevertheless suffered from a series of natural disasters that were truly terrible.
You have requested a debate on this issue in the next few days, during this session.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute's silence, as some Members have requested, on behalf of all the victims affected, particularly the victims of the terrible storms in the various countries of the European Union.
So please rise for this minute's silence.
 
--- EN -> CH -> EN ---
 
Although, as you can see, the dreaded "millennium bug" has not appeared, people in some countries are still suffering from a series of truly terrible natural disasters.
You have asked for a debate on this issue during the next few days of the segment.
In the meantime, as requested by some members, I would like to observe a minute of silence on behalf of all the victims concerned in the countries of the European Union, and in particular those of the terrible storms.
So, please stand up and observe this minute of silence.
 
--- EN -> GR -> EN ---
 
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded "millennium bug" failed to appear, people in many countries suffered a series of natural disasters that were truly terrible.
You have asked for a debate on this issue over the next few days during this meeting.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute's silence, as requested by several Members, on behalf of all the victims, especially the victims of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
So please stand up for this minute's silence.

--- EN -> IT -> EN ---
 
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded Y2K did not materialise, the populations of some countries have suffered a series of truly frightening natural disasters.
You have asked for a debate on this subject over the next few days, during this session.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute's silence, as requested by some Members, on behalf of all the victims, particularly those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
I would therefore ask you to rise for this minute's silence.
 
----------------------