Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday, 17 December 1999, and I would like to wish you once again a Happy New Year, in the hope that you have spent a pleasant festive season.
Although, as you have seen, the dreaded millennium bug failed to materialise, people in a number of countries nevertheless suffered a series of natural disasters that were truly terrible.
You have requested a debate on this issue in the course of the next few days, during this session.
In the meantime, as requested by some Members, I would like to observe a minute's silence on behalf of all the victims concerned, especially the victims of the terrible storms in the various countries of the European Union.
So please rise for this minute of silence.
(Parliament rose and observed a minute's silence).
Madam President, on a point of order.
As you have seen in the press and on television, there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka.
One of the people recently murdered in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited the European Parliament only a few months ago.
Would it be appropriate for you, Madam President, to write to the President of Sri Lanka expressing Parliament's regret at his and the other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do everything in her power to bring about a peaceful reconciliation in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I think an initiative such as you have just proposed is entirely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I will follow Mr Evans' proposal.
Madam President, on a point of order.
I would like your advice on Article 143 regarding inadmissibility.
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and that I will address again then.
The Cunha report on the Multi-Annual Guidance Programmes, which will be presented to Parliament on Thursday, contains in paragraph 6 the proposal to introduce some kind of quota sanctions for countries that do not meet their fleet reduction targets each year. The report states that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and that a proposal which undermines this principle would be legally inadmissible. I would like to know whether such an objection can be raised against a mere report and not against a legislative proposal, and whether I can do so competently on Thursday.
That is exactly the time when you can, if you wish, ask this question, which is on the Thursday before the presentation of the report begins.
Madam President, to coincide with the first part-session of the European Parliament this year, unfortunately, a date has been set for next Thursday in Texas in America for the execution of a young 34-year-old man who has been sentenced to death. We will call him Mr Hicks.
At the request of a French Member, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been presented which many people, including myself, have signed. However, I would ask you, in line with the line that the European Parliament and the entire European Community are now constantly taking, to use the weight of your prestigious office and the institution that you represent to make representations to the President and the Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order a stay of execution and to pardon the condemned man.
All this is in line with the principles we have always upheld.
Thank you very much, Mr Segni, I will be happy to do so.
This is also in line with the positions that this House has always taken.
Madam President, I would like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has shown interest time and again. It is the case of Alexander Nikitin.
All of us here are glad that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that access to environmental information is a constitutional right in Russia as well.
Now, however, he has to stand trial again, as the public prosecutor's office is appealing.
We know, and we have also expressed this in very many resolutions, especially at the last plenary session last year, that this is not just a legal case and that it is wrong to accuse Alexander Nikitin of criminal acts and treason because we are involved as beneficiaries of his findings.
These findings form the basis for European programmes to protect the Barents Sea, and I therefore ask you to consider a draft letter setting out the main facts and making clear Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions it has adopted, vis-à-vis Russia.
Yes, Ms Schroedter, I will be happy to look into the matter as soon as I receive your letter.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to congratulate you for keeping your word and for the fact that in this first session of the new year, the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased significantly.
But, Madam President, my personal request was not granted.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese channel, there is still no Dutch channel, which I had requested because the Dutch here would also like to follow the news when we are sent to this place of exile every month.
I would therefore like to ask you once again to ensure that we also get a Dutch channel.
Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, I can inform you that this matter is on the agenda of the Quaestors' meeting on Wednesday.
I hope that it will be seen in a positive light.
Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament is not abiding by the health and safety legislation that it has passed?
Why has no air quality testing been done in this building since we were elected?
Why has there not been a meeting of the Health and Safety Committee since 1998?
Why was there no fire drill in either the Brussels or Strasbourg parliament buildings?
Why are there no fire safety regulations?
Why haven't the stairs been improved since my accident?
Why are non-smoking areas not enforced?
It is an absolute disgrace that we make laws and do not abide by them ourselves.
Ms Lynne, you are absolutely right and I will check that this has not in fact happened.
I will also take the matter to the College of Quaestors and I am sure they will be very careful to ensure that we comply with the rules on which we ourselves vote.
Madam President, Mrs Díez González and I had asked questions about certain statements made by the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, which had appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The relevant services did not include them in the agenda because they had already been answered at a previous meeting.
I would like to ask them to reconsider this, as this is not the case.
The questions previously answered referred to Ms de Palacio's intervention on another occasion and not to these remarks which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr Berenguer Fuster, we will check all this.
I admit that the matter seems to be somewhat confused at the moment.
So we will look into the matter thoroughly to make sure that everything is as it should be.
Madam President, I would like to know if there will be a clear message from Parliament this week expressing our dissatisfaction with today's decision not to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia, given that the overwhelming majority in this Parliament has supported the arms embargo on Indonesia in the past?
Today's decision not to extend the embargo is extremely dangerous given the situation there.
So Parliament should send a signal, because that is what the vast majority wants.
It is irresponsible for EU member states to refuse to extend the embargo.
As has already been said, the situation there is extremely unstable. There is indeed a risk of a military coup in the future.
We do not know what is going on. So why should EU arms producers profit at the expense of innocent people?
In any case, this issue is not currently included in the motions for the urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
Madam President, the presentation of the Prodi Commission's political programme for the whole legislature was originally a proposal from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September and also explicitly accepted by President Prodi, who reaffirmed his commitment in his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because the Commission is an institution which, according to the Treaties, has the monopoly of initiative and therefore essentially determines the political and legislative activity of this Parliament for the next five years.
I would also like to point out, Madam President, that this Parliament expressed its confidence in President Prodi during the last parliamentary term. It did so again in this legislature in July, and then in September it voted again for the entire Commission.
So the Commission had enough time to prepare its programme and we had enough time to familiarise ourselves with it and explain it to our citizens.
In this context, I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September, which recommends that the proposal be presented as soon as possible.
The events of last week, which took place outside the Conference of Presidents, as this conference only served to confirm and ratify decisions taken elsewhere, present us with a dilemma. Either the Commission is not prepared to present this programme, in which case it should make it clear.
According to its president, it is capable of doing so.
As the Commission is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I think it would be helpful if the Commission could tell us before the vote to what extent it is prepared to present this programme as agreed. Alternatively, Parliament may not be prepared to consider this programme, as some seem to suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would mean that Parliament is not fulfilling its duty as Parliament and would introduce an original thesis, an unknown method, which consists of writing to the political groups a week in advance - and not a day in advance, as agreed - to inform them of a speech on the Commission's programme, bearing in mind that the legislative programme will be dealt with in February, so we could dispense with the debate, since our citizens will hear about it the next day in the press and on the Internet and Parliament will no longer have to worry about it.
My group believes that in a Parliament that is supposed to listen, debate and reflect, there is no justification whatsoever for this delay, and we believe that if the Commission is willing to do so, we still have time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to proceed in a way that fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens.
The proposal from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, which you mentioned, is therefore that the Prodi Commission should present its legislative programme on Wednesday, including the proposed administrative reform, because otherwise we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: On the pretext that there is no text, on the one hand, the President of the Commission would be denied the right to speak in this Parliament and, on the other, there would be a debate on reform without Parliament knowing the texts on which it is based.
Therefore, Madam President, I would like to ask you to ask the Commission to comment on this issue and then to proceed to the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Madam President, I am really very surprised at the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you were prevented from attending the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I'm not criticising that; it happens all the time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr Hänsch represented you on this occasion.
In the Conference of Presidents we had an extensive discussion.
Your group was the only one that supported what you are now saying.
Then we vote on it.
As you know, each chairperson has the same number of votes as his or her caucus has members.
There was a vote on this issue. If I remember correctly, the result of this vote was 422 to 180 with some abstentions.
That means that all the groups, with the exception of the non-attached groups - but they are not a group - were in agreement; only your group was of the opinion that we should proceed as you have proposed here.
Everyone else disagreed. That was the decision.
I would now like to address the issue itself.
We have confidence in the Commission and in Romano Prodi, and after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, the vast majority of our group supported the vote of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan must be discussed in a proper procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted in the Commission describing this programme for the five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Commission will present its programme for the year 2000 in February.
We have very much said that if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme in January, then we will do so in February.
We have agreed to this.
After all, we do not want to argue with the Commission, but we believe that the Commission and Parliament should follow the same path if possible.
However, we in Parliament also have a control function vis-à-vis the Commission, and we do not have to agree with everything that comes from the Commission.
I would like us to be able to prepare sensibly in our groups for the debate on the five-year programme.
You cannot prepare yourself when you hear a statement in this House and have no idea of its content.
We would therefore recommend - and I have the impression that the Commission is also open to this - that we hold the debate in February on the Commission's long-term programme up to the year 2005 - and I hope that by then the Commission will have agreed on a programme which it will propose to us - and that at the same time we also hold the debate in February on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000.
The fact that the issues are linked also suggests that we should hold the debate on both programmes together. Therefore, my group strongly rejects the proposal of the Socialist Group.
(Applause from the PPE-DE Group)
Madam President, I would like to make it very clear that the Commission, above all, absolutely respects the decisions of this Parliament and, among other things, the decision to set its agenda.
We therefore respect what Parliament may decide.
However, I would also like to make it quite clear that President Prodi has made a commitment to this Parliament to launch a new debate, as Mr Barón Crespo reminded us, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme, on the major areas for action for the next five years, that is, for this parliamentary term.
Madam President, I would like to point out that the agreement reached in September makes this debate different from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready and willing to have this debate whenever it is appropriate and that we were ready to do so this week, as we had originally agreed, on the basis that it would be presented in a speech to the parliamentary groups the day before.
Therefore, Madam President, I would like to repeat that the Commission has discussed the action plan for the next five years and when Parliament decides - this week, if that is the case - we are ready to come and explain the programme for the next five years and next month the programme for the year 2000, which we have fully agreed on.
Madam President, I can hear the Socialists laughing.
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item removed from the agenda, as the vote in the Conference of Presidents had not received a vote from the working group of Socialist Group Members responsible for this matter.
I do not know whether this information is correct, but the PPE-DE Group would in any case be grateful if this point were deleted, because Parliament has already dealt with this issue on several occasions.
Decisions were also taken against such a tax.
Therefore, my group requests that this item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you very much, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this motion.
Madam President, I would like to start by pointing out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. A moment ago, he was telling off the Group of the Party of European Socialists for reversing a decision taken in no uncertain terms at the Conference of Presidents, and now he is doing exactly the same thing.
We discussed this issue and were in agreement, with the exception of the PPE and ELDR groups.
As my colleagues will remember, I even mentioned that it is not a question of whether one is for or against the Tobin tax, but whether one dares to hear what the Commission and the Council think about it.
That is not too much to ask.
I therefore repeat the proposal to maintain this oral question to the Commission and the Council in order to know, once and for all, the attitude of these two institutions to the proposal, which, although relatively modest, would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the flood of emotions generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We shall now proceed to the vote on the request by the PPE-DE Group to withdraw the oral question on capital duty from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the motion by 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions).
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for promoting this debate.
Thank you very much.
Madam President, has my vote been counted? I could not vote electronically because I do not have a card.
My vote was cast
If we add the two MPs who put themselves forward, the result of the vote is ....
Madam President, the Presidency has already announced the result of the vote.
There is no room for change.
Madam President, in the previous vote - and I will abide by your decision on this matter - on the issue of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I would like to speak on behalf of my group before the vote. That did not happen.
I would be grateful if I could make an explanation of vote on behalf of my group at the end of this agenda item.
This is an important matter. It would be useful for the record of the House to be able to say how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Barón Crespo's request.
They didn't call me either.
I regret this, but the vote has already been taken and the decision has been made, so let's leave it at that.
I am terribly sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. I did not see that you asked to speak.
However, I think the positions are clear and they will be included in the minutes.
Tomorrow, when we adopt the minutes of today's sitting, any Members who feel that the positions have not been made clear enough will be able to table amendments.
This seems to me to be a workable solution.
Of course, the minutes of tomorrow's sitting will take into account any additional explanations.
I think this is a better solution than making extremely time-consuming explanations of vote now.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, would that be acceptable to you?
Madam President, if the vote is correctly reflected as my group voted, I will not and cannot object.
If you think that I cannot give an explanation of vote, I accept that, but with reservations.
We will, as we always do of course, pay particular attention to the wording of the protocol.
If they do not accurately reflect the positions adopted, we can correct them if necessary.
(The work plan is adopted as amended).
Safety adviser for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
Madam President, we cannot and must not resign ourselves to the fact that we are hearing more and more frequently about accidents causing major damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only, but at least partly, because those involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough or because - due to ignorance or lack of training on the part of the drivers or other people responsible for the various vehicles - a minor accident has all too often turned into a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I still remember the disaster in the Tauern Tunnel that cost so many lives last year, and the months of reconstruction of the parts of the tunnel destroyed in that fire at great expense.
Months of renovation work have interrupted this important link between the north and south of Europe.
The traffic that had to be diverted as a result tested the patience of many thousands of people in the EU.
All hell broke loose in some communities in my province.
Prevention must be our response to such disasters and this draft directive is an important step towards the availability of well-trained safety advisors so that the right measures can be taken in time.
Nevertheless, we must not be content with enacting European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow this up and ensure that our rules are implemented by Member States in a timely manner and, more importantly, we need to ensure that they are applied afterwards.
Please do not let this be another area where we have to lament the lack of enforcement later.
I would like to make one last point.
We must not be content with plugging another hole in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much to be done in terms of road safety in Europe.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is present here today, to submit an appropriate text as soon as possible in order to make traffic in the tunnels safer in the future, too, so that we in Europe do not have to experience disasters of this magnitude again.
Madam President, first of all I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, which focuses on the issue of transport safety. The report deals with the question of harmonising examination requirements for safety advisers working in the fields of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterways.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
The Paddington train crash in London, the terrible rail accident in Norway, the two plane crashes involving EU citizens and the Erika natural disaster off the coast of Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that road safety can never be taken for granted and that those responsible for protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly skilled.
The rapporteur has drawn the attention of the House to the fact that in its common position the Council accepted six of the ten amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading and that the remaining amendments of Parliament were accepted in substance.
My group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the adoption of the legislation, which will give us another tool in our fight to maximise transport safety in the European Union.
As far as safety is concerned, my group will always support all initiatives to improve road safety.
As recent events have shown, we still have a lot to do in this area.
Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would first like to thank the rapporteur for his extraordinarily careful and technically sound work on the report and then the Commission for the proposal it has put forward.
It is about harmonising examination requirements, but also about minimum requirements. That is a pity in a way.
It goes without saying that safety in road, rail and inland waterway transport is of key importance and, given the international nature of these modes of transport, the training of safety advisors should also be harmonised, as should, for example, the requirements of the new ADR, which is currently being drafted.
That is important, but so is enforcement, and there are of course a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to that.
Just think of the traffic accidents that have occurred in recent years, e.g. in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries, where lorries carrying dangerous goods continued to drive in fog when they should have pulled off the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe moored near ships here, with all the obvious risks that entails.
In addition, investigations in the ports in Belgium, Finland, but also in Japan have shown that 50 er containers with partly dangerous cargo are not properly brought to shipping.
In short, this is an important issue.
As far as safety advisors are concerned, in a number of countries the employment of safety advisors in companies has been compulsory since 1 January this year.
There will currently be major problems in enforcing this rule, especially for smaller companies, as they cannot afford security consultants.
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems.
It is therefore also requested that ISO 9002 certificates may contain more detailed information on these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The work is done. Now it's just a matter of enforcement.
I would like to mention one last point.
As far as enforcement is concerned, appropriate agreements must also be made with the Eastern European countries, as these countries will not conclude treaties dealing with this issue until 1 July 2001, i.e. in one and a half years' time.
This gives them a competitive advantage in the transition period.
There is nothing wrong with that in itself, but we should particularly focus on the safety aspects for the transport of goods by road, rail and inland waterways and include these as part of the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and present them to the accession states.
Madam President, the importance of road safety is regularly and rightly highlighted in this Parliament.
The ever-growing movement of goods in Europe poses all kinds of known and unknown risks for workers and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another Directive, Directive 95/35/EC, seem to be sufficient to advise people in a responsible way on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very glad that minimum standards for examinations have also been agreed with the Council, although I would have preferred to see uniform, fixed standards and modules so that the certificates are internationally equivalent.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the rapporteur's amendment is perfectly logical and I can therefore fully support it.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports, which are of a technical nature, but nevertheless of very great importance for safety.
I would just like to make a few comments.
First of all, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety, whether on the roads, on the waterways or at sea.
Considering that we are only today dealing with a Commission proposal which was presented on 19 March 1998, although Parliament reacted relatively quickly, this period of time is a little too long.
This is not only the fault of the Commission, but I believe that we must act more quickly to achieve harmonisation in this area as well.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns the minimum standards.
Basically, I think that in many cases where transport is involved, we should work towards more flexibility and country-specific regulations.
As far as security is concerned, however, I am rather sceptical, because security in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from that in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very closely.
If such flexibility leads to insufficient rules in some countries, we should work towards greater harmonisation.