Resumption of the session
I declare the session of the European Parliament, adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999, resumed and would like once again to wish you a Happy New Year in the hope that you have had a pleasant festive period.
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded Y2K
You have asked for a debate on this subject over the next few days, during this part-session.
In the meantime, I would like to observe a minute's silence, as requested by some Members, on behalf of all the victims, particularly those of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
Please stand, then, for this minute's silence.
(The Assembly rose and observed a minute's silence)
Madam President, on a point of order.
You will know from the press and television that there have been several bomb blasts and killings in Sri Lanka.
One of the people murdered very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited Parliament only a few months ago.
Would it be appropriate for you, Madam President, to write a letter to the Sri Lankan President expressing Parliament's regret at her and other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do all she can to seek peaceful reconciliation to a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I think an initiative of the kind you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I will do as Mr Evans suggested.
Madam President, on a point of order.
I would like advice on Rule 143 concerning inadmissibility.
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will raise again.
The Cunha report on the multi-annual guidance programmes arrives in Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 to introduce a form of quota penalty for countries that fail to meet fleet reduction targets annually. It says this should be done despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and that a proposal to subvert it would be legally unacceptable. I would like to know whether such an objection can be raised to what is only a report, not a legislative proposal, and whether it is something I can do competently on Thursday.
This is precisely the time when you can, if you wish, raise the issue, i.e. the Thursday before the start of the presentation of the report.
Madam President, to coincide with the first session of the European Parliament this year, a date has unfortunately been set for next Thursday in Texas, America, for the execution of a 34-year-old young man sentenced to death. We shall call him Mr Hicks.
At the request of a French Member of Parliament, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been submitted, which many have signed, including myself. However, I would ask you, in accordance with the line now constantly followed by the European Parliament and the whole of the European Community, to intervene, with the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent, with the President and Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order a stay of execution and to suspend the sentence.
This is in accordance with the principles we have always upheld.
Thank you, Mr Segni, I will do so gladly.
In fact, it is quite in line with the positions that this Parliament has always adopted.
Madam President, I would like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has always shown an interest. It is the case of Alexander Nikitin.
All of us here are happy that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia, too, access to environmental information is a constitutional right.
Now, however, he has to go to court again because the public prosecutor is appealing.
We know, and we have stated this in many resolutions, including specifically during the last plenary session last year, that this is not just a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as beneficiaries of his achievements.
These findings form the basis of European programmes for the protection of the Barents Sea, which is why I am asking you to consider a draft letter setting out the most important facts and making clear Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions it has adopted, with regard to Russia.
Yes, Mrs Schroedter, I will be happy to examine the facts of this case when I receive your letter.
Madam President, I would first like to congratulate you because you have kept your word and because, during this first part-session of the new year, the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably.
But, Madam President, my personal request has not been met.
Although there are now two Finnish and one Portuguese channel, there is still no Dutch channel, which is what I had requested because the Dutch here like to be able to follow the news even when we are sent to this place of exile every month.
So I ask you once again to make sure that there is also a Dutch channel.
Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, I can tell you that this issue is on the agenda of the Quaestors' meeting on Wednesday.
I hope it will be examined in a positive light.
Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament does not respect the health and safety legislation that it actually passes?
Why has no air quality test been done in this particular building since we were elected?
Why hasn't there been a meeting of the Health and Safety Committee since 1998?
Why was there no fire drill in either the Brussels or Strasbourg Parliament buildings?
Why are there no fire instructions?
Why were the stairs not improved after my accident?
Why are non-smoking areas not enforced?
It seems absolutely shameful that we pass legislation and do not comply with it ourselves.
Ms Lynne, you are right and I will check if this has not been done.
I will also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors, and I am sure they will be anxious to make sure that we respect the regulations that we ourselves vote for.
Madam President, Mrs Díez González and I had submitted questions on some opinions of the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, which appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The relevant departments did not include them on the agenda on the grounds that they had received a reply in a previous part-session.
I ask them to reconsider, as this is not the case.
The previous questions referred to Mrs de Palacio's intervention, on another occasion, and not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr Berenguer Fuster, we will check all this.
I admit that, at the moment, the issue seems to be a bit confusing.
Therefore, we will look into this matter to make sure that everything is as it should be.
Madam President, I would like to know whether a clear message will come out of Parliament this week about our discontent with today's decision to refuse to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia, given that the vast majority of this Parliament has supported the arms embargo on Indonesia in the past?
Today's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there.
So Parliament should send a message, as this is the wish of the vast majority.
It is irresponsible of EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo.
As mentioned, the situation there is extremely volatile. There is, in fact, a risk of a military coup in the future.
We do not know what is going on. So why should EU arms manufacturers profit at the expense of innocent people?
In any case, this question is not currently included in the requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
Madam President, the presentation of the political programme of the Prodi Commission for the whole legislature was initially a proposal of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September and also explicitly accepted by President Prodi, who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body that has a monopoly on initiative under the Treaties and, therefore, essentially dictates the political and legislative activity of Parliament for the next five years.
I would also like to remind you, Madam President, that Parliament voted to put its confidence in President Prodi in the previous parliamentary term. It did so again in this parliamentary term, in July, and then, in September, it voted again to approve the entire Commission.
So there was enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to get to know it and explain it to our citizens.
To this end, I would like to recall the resolution of 15 September, which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible.
The events of the past week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents, which was used merely to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma. Either the Commission is not ready to present this programme, in which case it should clarify it.
According to its president, it is capable of doing so.
Since the Commission is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I think it would be useful, before voting, for the Commission to let us know how ready it is to present this programme, as agreed. Alternatively, Parliament is not ready to examine this programme, as some seem to suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would imply the failure of the Parliament in its duty as a Parliament, as well as introducing an original thesis, an unknown method which consists in making the political groups know in writing a speech about the Commission's programme one week before -and not one day before, as it had been agreed- bearing in mind that the legislative programme will be discussed in February, so we could dispense with the debate, since the next day our citizens will hear about it in the press and on the Internet and the Parliament will no longer have to worry about it.
My group believes that, since a parliament is made to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification for this delay and we believe that, if the Commission is prepared to do so, we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to proceed in a way that fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens.
Therefore, the proposal of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, and which you have mentioned, is that the Prodi Commission should present its legislative programme on Wednesday, including its proposal for administrative reform, because, otherwise, we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: on the pretext that there is no text, on the one hand, the President of the Commission would be denied his right to speak in this Parliament and, on the other, there would be a debate on a reform when Parliament has not first known the texts on which it is based.
Therefore, Madam President, I ask you to ask the Commission to express its opinion on this issue and then proceed to the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Madam President, I am really astonished by Mr Barón Crespo's behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you were unable to attend the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr Hänsch represented you on this occasion.
In the Conference of Presidents we had an in-depth discussion.
Your group was the only one to support what you are saying now.
Then we put it to the vote.
As you know, each chairman has the same number of votes as the members of his group.
There was a vote on this subject. If I remember correctly, the result of this vote was 422 votes to 180 with some abstentions.
This means that all groups except the non-attached Members - but, of course, they are not a group - were in agreement; only your group thought that we should proceed as you have proposed here.
Everyone else was of a different opinion. That was the decision.
I would now like to comment on the issue itself.
We have confidence in the Commission and in Romano Prodi and, after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, the vast majority of our group supported the vote of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
We believe, however, that the Commission's strategic plan should be discussed in an appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document that is adopted in the Commission and that describes this programme over the five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Commission will present its programme for the year 2000 in February.
We have made it very clear that if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme as early as January, we will do so in February.
We agree on this.
After all, we do not want to argue with the Commission; if possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament should go down the same road.
However, the Parliament also has a supervisory role vis-à-vis the Commission and we do not have to agree with everything that comes out of the Commission.
I would like us to be able to make reasonable preparation for the debate on the five-year programme in our groups.
You cannot prepare yourself if you hear a statement in this House and have no idea of its content.
That is why we recommend - and I have the impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - that in February we hold the debate on the Commission's long-term programme up to 2005 - and I hope that before then the Commission will agree on a programme that it will propose to us - and that at the same time in February we also hold the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000.
The fact that the topics are linked also suggests that we should hold the debate on both programmes together. That is why my group firmly rejects the proposal of the Socialist Group.
(Applause from the PPE-DE Group)
Madam President, I would like to make it clear that, above all, the Commission absolutely respects the decisions of this Parliament and, among them, the decision setting its agenda.
We therefore respect any decision of the Parliament.
But I would also like to point out that President Prodi has made a commitment to this Parliament to introduce a new debate, as Mr BarÃ³n Crespo mentioned, which will be added to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme, on the major areas of action for the next five years, i.e. for this parliamentary term.
Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September distinguishes this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is prepared and ready to hold this debate when it is convenient and that we were ready to do it this week as we had originally agreed, on the basis that it would be presented the day before in a speech to the parliamentary groups.
So, Madam President, I repeat that the Commission has discussed the action plan for the next five years and, when Parliament decides - this week, if that is the decision - we are ready to come and explain the programme for the next five years and, next month, the programme for the year 2000, which is the one on which we have reached complete agreement.
Madam President, I hear a ripple of laughter from the socialists.
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group also wanted this item taken off the agenda, because in the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of Socialist Group Members responsible for this issue.
I do not know whether this information is correct, but the PPE-DE Group would nevertheless be grateful if this point were removed because Parliament has already addressed this issue several times.
Decisions against such a tax have also been taken.
That is why my group is asking for this item to be removed from the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this request.
Madam President, I would first like to point out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. He has just preached to the Group of the Party of European Socialists because he has gone back on a decision made very clearly at the Conference of Presidents, and now he is doing the same.
We discussed the matter and were unanimous, with the exception of the EPP and ELDR groups.
As my fellow chairmen will recall, I also said that it was not a question of whether one was for or against the Tobin tax, but whether one had the courage to hear what the Commission and the Council thought about it.
Not much to ask.
I therefore reiterate the proposal to keep this oral question to the Commission and the Council in order to find out, once and for all, the positions of these two bodies on the proposal, which is relatively modest but which would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the flood of feelings generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We shall proceed to the vote on the PPE-DE Group's request to withdraw the oral question on capital duty from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the request by 164 votes to 166, with 7 abstentions)
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for publicising this debate.
Thank you very much.
Madam President, was my vote counted? I couldn't vote electronically because I don't have a ballot paper.
My vote was in
Indeed, if we add the two Members who declared themselves, the result of the vote would be ....
Madam President, the Presidency has already declared the result of the vote.
There is no room for amendments.
Madam President, in the previous vote - and I will abide by your decision on this - on the question of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I would like to speak on behalf of my group before the vote. That did not happen.
I would like, at the end of this item, to be allowed to make an explanation of vote on behalf of my group.
This is an important issue. It would be useful for the minutes of the Assembly to indicate how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor, to comment on Mr Barón Crespo's motion.
You didn't call me either.
I'm sorry, but the vote has already been taken and the decision has been made, so let's leave it there.
I'm terribly sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. I did not see you ask for the floor.
Even so, I think the positions are quite clear and will be recorded in the minutes.
When we approve the minutes of today's sitting tomorrow, Members who feel that the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments.
This seems to me to be a viable solution.
Of course, the minutes of tomorrow's sitting will take account of any additional explanations.
I think this is a better solution than proceeding now to extremely long explanations of votes.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, would this be acceptable to you?
Madam President, if the vote correctly records the vote of my group, I will not and cannot oppose it.
If your decision is that I cannot make an explanation of vote, I accept it but with reservations.
We will pay particular attention to the wording of the minutes, as we always do, of course.
If they do not correctly reflect the positions taken, we can correct them if necessary.
(The order of business was adopted as amended)
Security consultants for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway [C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)].
Madam President, we cannot and must not accept the fact that more and more often we hear of accidents causing serious damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only but at least partly because the people involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough or because - due to ignorance or lack of training on the part of the drivers or other persons responsible for the various vehicles - a minor accident has all too often turned into a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I still have a vivid memory, as I think everyone does, of the catastrophe that cost so many lives last year in the Tauern tunnel, where subsequent work to rebuild the parts of the tunnel that had been destroyed in this fire continued for many months at enormous expense.
The months-long renovation project has interrupted this important communication route between northern and southern Europe.
The traffic that had to be diverted because of this tested the patience of many thousands of people in the EU.
In fact, all hell has broken loose in some municipalities in my province.
Prevention must be our response to disasters of this kind, and this draft directive is an important step towards having well-trained safety advisers available so that the right action can be taken in good time.
However, we must not be content with enacting a European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - most importantly - we need to make sure that they are applied afterwards.
Please let this not be yet another area where we then have to complain about lack of enforcement.
I would like to address one last point.
We must not be content with plugging another hole in the safety net and closing our eyes to the fact that there is still a lot to be done when it comes to transport safety in Europe.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the responsible Commissioner, who is here with us today, to submit an appropriate text as soon as possible to continue to make transit traffic through tunnels safer in future, so that we in Europe no longer have to experience disasters of this magnitude.
(Madam President, first of all I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, which focuses on the issue of transport safety. The report looks at the issue of harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers working in the fields of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and waterway.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
Transport safety has sadly been in the news recently: the Paddington train crash in London, the terrible train crash in Norway, the two plane crashes involving EU citizens and the Erika natural disaster off Brittany - all in the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly skilled.
The rapporteur pointed out to the House that in its common position, the Council had accepted six of Parliament's ten first-reading amendments and that the substance of Parliament's other amendments had been maintained.
My group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of legislation that will provide us with another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible.
When it comes to safety, my group will always support any initiative to improve transport safety.
We still have a lot of work to do in this area, as recent events have shown.
Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would like, first of all, to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally thorough and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for its proposal.
This is the harmonisation of examination requirements but also, in fact, minimum requirements. This is unfortunate, in a way.
Needless to say, safety on the roads, railways and waterways is of paramount importance and, given the international nature of these types of transport, the training of safety advisers should also be harmonised, therefore, as should the requirements of the new ADR, for example, which is under way.
This is important, but so is enforcement and there are, of course, a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this.
One only has to think of the road accidents that have occurred in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries, where lorries carrying dangerous goods have continued to drive in foggy conditions when they should have left the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe mooring next to ships here, with all the obvious risks that this entails.
In addition, research in ports in Belgium, Finland, but also in Japan has shown that 50 per cent of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment.
In short, the issue is important.
If we look at the situation regarding safety advisers, in some countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as of 1 January this year.
At present there will be big problems in applying this rule, especially with smaller companies, as they cannot afford security consultants.
These small companies dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems.
It is therefore requested that ISO 9002 certificates possibly include the finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The job is done. Only the business of the application remains.
I would like to mention one last point.
As far as implementation is concerned, appropriate agreements must also be concluded with the Eastern European countries, because they will not conclude treaties dealing with this matter before 1 July 2001, i.e. in eighteen months' time.
This gives them a competitive advantage for the interim period.
This is not in itself something terrible, but we should give priority above all to the security aspects for goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and incorporate them, as part of the acquis communautaire, as soon as possible and present them to the acceding states.
Madam President, the importance of transport safety is regularly stressed in this Parliament, and rightly so.
The ever-increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks, known and unknown, for employees and the social environment.
Those dealing with these risks must therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant rules laid down in another directive, 95/35/EC, seem to be sufficiently adequate to advise on the responsible organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very pleased that an agreement has been reached with the Council on minimum standards for examinations, although I would have preferred uniform and fixed standards and forms to be established so that certificates would have the same value internationally.
This, however, does not seem feasible.
Finally, the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and, therefore, I can give it my full support.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which, although technical, are nevertheless of great importance for safety.
I would just like to make a few comments.
Firstly, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety, whether on roads, waterways or at sea.
Considering that we are only today dealing with a Commission proposal that was first presented on 19 March 1998, even though Parliament responded relatively quickly, this timeframe is a bit too long.
It is not only the fault of the Commission, but I think we need to act more quickly to achieve harmonisation in this area too.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I believe that in many cases we should work towards greater flexibility and country-specific rules for transport.
However, when it comes to security, I am rather sceptical because security in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from security in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very closely.
If such flexibility results in inadequate rules in some countries, then we should work towards greater harmonisation.