Continuation of the sitting
I declare the adjourned session of the European Parliament of Friday 17 December 1999 adjourned, and once again wish you a happy New Year and hope you have had a pleasant holiday season.
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded millennium
You have asked for a debate on this subject in the coming days, during this part-session.
In the meantime, I would like to take a minute's silence, as several Members have requested, for all the victims in the various countries of the European Union, especially those affected by the terrible storms.
So please stand up for this minute of silence.
(Parliament rose and observed a minute's silence)
Mr President, on a point of order.
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and murders in Sri Lanka.
One of the people murdered in Sri Lanka very recently was Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited the European Parliament only a few months ago.
Mr President, would it be appropriate for you to write a letter to the President of Sri Lanka expressing Parliament's regret at his and other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging him to make every effort to bring about peaceful reconciliation in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I think an initiative such as the one you have just proposed would be entirely appropriate.
If Parliament approves this, I will do as Mr Evans suggested.
Mr President, on a point of order.
I would like your advice on a Rule 143 question concerning inadmissibility.
My question relates to an issue that will be raised on Thursday and which I will raise again then.
The Cunha report on the Multiannual Guidance Programmes will come before Parliament on Thursday, and its paragraph 6 includes a proposal to introduce a form of quota penalties for countries that fail to meet their fleet reduction targets each year. It says that this should be done despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy, and a proposal to repeal it would be legally unacceptable. I would like to know whether such an objection can be raised against the report alone, not against the legislative proposal, and whether I can validly do so on Thursday.
That is when you can ask this question if you wish, on the Thursday before the report is presented.
Mr President, to coincide with the first part-session of this year's European Parliament, it has unfortunately been agreed that next Thursday will see the execution of a 34-year-old young man sentenced to death. We call him Hicks.
At the request of a French Member, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been presented, which many people, including myself, signed. However, in accordance with the line that the European Parliament and the European Community as a whole are constantly taking, I would ask you to use the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent to appeal to the President and Governor Bush of Texas, who has the power to order a stay of execution and to pardon the condemned man.
This is all in line with the principles we have always followed.
Thank you, Mr Segni, I will be happy to do that.
In fact, it is fully in line with the positions that Parliament has always taken.
Mr President, I would like to draw your attention to a case which has been the subject of constant interest in this House. It is the case of Mr Nikitin.
All of us here are pleased that the court has acquitted him and made it clear that access to environmental information is a constitutional right in Russia too.
But now he will have to go back to court because the prosecutor is appealing the case.
We know, and we have said it in very many resolutions, including, in particular, at last year's plenary session, that this is not just a legal case and that it is wrong for Mr Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because we are involved as beneficiaries of his discoveries.
These findings form the basis for European programmes for the protection of the Barents Sea, and I therefore invite you to examine the draft letter, which sets out the main facts and makes clear Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions it has adopted, on Russia.
Yes, Mrs Schroedter, I will be happy to look into the facts of this case when I receive your letter.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank you for keeping your word and for the fact that, during the first part-session of this new year, the number of television channels in our office has indeed increased considerably.
However, Mr President, my personal request has not been met.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese channel, there is still no Dutch channel, which is what I had asked for, because the Dutch also want to follow the news when we are exiled here every month.
So I ask you once again to make sure that we also get a Dutch channel.
Mr Plooij-van Gorsel, I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for Wednesday's meeting of the Quaestors.
I hope it will be looked at in a positive light.
Mr President, can you tell me why this Parliament does not comply with the legislation on health and safety at work that it actually approves?
Why has no air quality testing been done on this building since we were elected?
Why has the Health and Safety Committee not met since 1998?
Why have there been no fire drills in the Brussels or Strasbourg Parliament buildings?
Why are there no fire regulations?
Why have the stairs not been improved since my accident?
Why are smoke-free areas not enforced?
It is a total disgrace that we legislate and do not follow it ourselves.
Mrs Lynne, you are quite right, and I will check whether that is indeed the case.
I will also refer this to the College of Quaestors, and I am sure that they will want to ensure that we follow the rules that we voted ourselves.
Mr President, Mrs Díez González and I asked questions about certain opinions of Vice-President de Palacio that appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The competent services have not included them on the agenda on the grounds that they had already been answered at a previous session.
I ask them to reconsider, because this is not the case.
The previously answered questions concerned de Palacio's speech in another context, not these comments published in the ABC magazine on 18 November.
Mr Berenguer Fuster, we will check all this.
I admit that at the moment it seems a bit confusing.
That's why we're investigating properly to make sure everything is as it should be.
Mr President, I would like to know whether a clear message will be sent from Parliament this week that we are unhappy with today's decision to refuse to renew the Indonesian arms embargo, given that a large majority in Parliament has previously supported the Indonesian arms embargo?
Today's decision not to renew the embargo is very dangerous, given the situation in the country.
So Parliament should send a message, because this is the wish of the overwhelming majority.
It is irresponsible for EU Member States to refuse to renew the embargo.
As people have said, the situation there is extremely unstable. In fact, there is a risk of a military coup in the future.
We don't know what will happen. So why should EU arms manufacturers profit at the expense of innocent people?
In any case, this issue is not currently part of the topical and urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
Mr President, the presentation of the Prodi Commission's political programme for the whole term was originally a proposal from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September, and explicitly endorsed by President Prodi, who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because the Commission is the body with the exclusive right of initiative under the Treaties and therefore in principle dictates Parliament's political and legislative action for the next five years.
Mr President, I would also like to point out that, in the last parliamentary term, Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi. It did so again during this parliamentary term in July, and then in September it voted once again to approve the Commission as a whole.
The Commission has therefore had sufficient time to prepare its programme, to familiarise itself with it and to explain it to our citizens.
To this end, I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September, which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible.
The events of last week - which started outside the Conference of Presidents, which was used only to confirm and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma. Either the Commission is not ready to present this programme, in which case it should clarify it.
According to its President, it can do it.
As the Commission is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I think it would be useful, before the vote, if the Commission could tell us how ready it is to present this programme as agreed. Alternatively, Parliament is not ready to deal with this programme, as some people seem to claim.
I believe that this second hypothesis would not only mean that Parliament would not be fulfilling its duty as a Parliament, but would also present an original thesis, an unknown method, whereby the political groups are informed in writing of the Commission's speech on the programme a week in advance - and not a day in advance, as had been agreed - given that the legislative programme is debated in February, so we could skip the debate because the next day the citizens will hear about it in the press and on the Internet and Parliament will no longer have to worry about it.
My group believes that since Parliament is supposed to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification for delay and we believe that if the Commission is prepared to do so, we still have time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and to move forward in a way that fulfils our duty to citizens.
That is why the proposal of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, which you mentioned, is that the Prodi Commission should present its legislative programme on Wednesday, including the administrative reform it proposes, because otherwise we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: on the pretext that there is no text, the President of the Commission would be denied his right to speak in this House, on the one hand, and, on the other, the reform would be debated when Parliament does not know in advance the texts on which it is based.
I would therefore ask you, Mr President, to ask the Commission to give its opinion on this matter and then we will proceed to the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Mr President, I am really surprised at the behaviour of Mr Barón Crespo and the fact that he is now asking for this matter to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you were unable to attend the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I'm not criticising this, but it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr Hänsch represented you on this occasion.
At the Conference of Presidents we had an in-depth discussion.
Your group was the only one that supported what you are saying now.
Then we will vote on it.
As you know, each chair has as many votes as there are members in his or her group.
A vote was taken. As I recall, the vote was 422 votes to 180, with a few abstentions.
This means that all the groups except the Non-attached Members - but they are not a group, of course - agreed; only your group thought that we should go ahead with your proposal.
Everyone else disagreed. It was a decision.
I would now like to comment on the issue itself.
We have confidence in the Commission and in Romano Prodi, and after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, a large majority of our group supported the vote of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan must be discussed within the appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of the oral statement made here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted by the Commission describing this programme for a five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Commission will present its 2000 programme in February.
We have made it very clear that if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme in January, we will do so in February.
We have agreed on this.
At the end of the day, we do not want to argue with the Commission; if possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament should go down the same road.
However, we in Parliament also have a supervisory role in relation to the Commission, and we do not have to agree with everything that comes out of the Commission.
I would like us to be reasonably well prepared for the debate on our groups' five-year programme.
You cannot prepare yourself if you hear a statement in this Parliament, the content of which you have no idea.
We therefore recommend - and I understand that the Commission is also open to this idea - that in February we hold a debate on the Commission's long-term programme up to 2005 - and I hope that before then the Commission will agree on the programme it proposes to us - and that in February we also hold a debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000.
The fact that the topics are related also suggests that we should discuss both programmes together. That is why my group firmly rejects the Socialist Group's proposal.
(Applause from the PPE-DE Group)
Mr President, I would like to make it very clear that the Commission, above all, strictly respects Parliament's decisions, including the decision on its agenda.
We therefore respect the Parliament's decision.
However, I also want to make it very clear that President Prodi is committed to launching a new debate in Parliament, as Mr Barón Crespo reminded us, which would be a debate on the broad areas of the Commission's legislative programme for the next five years, in other words for this legislature, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme.
Mr President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September separates this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready to have this debate whenever it is appropriate and that we were ready to have it this week, as we had originally agreed, on condition that it would be presented in the speech to the parliamentary groups the day before.
So, Mr President, I would like to reiterate that the Commission has discussed the action plan for the next five years and when Parliament decides - this week, if it decides - we will be ready to come and explain the programme for the next five years and next month the programme for the year 2000, which we fully agree with.
Mr President, I hear the tremor of laughter from the Socialists.
I am told that a large part of the Socialist Group also wanted this item to be removed from the agenda, because in the vote in the Conference of Presidents, the relevant working group of Socialist Group members did not receive a single vote.
I do not know whether this information is correct, but in any case the PPE-DE Group would be grateful if this paragraph could be deleted, because Parliament has already dealt with this issue several times.
There have also been decisions against such a tax.
My group therefore proposes that this item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this request.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to point out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. He has just lectured the Group of the Party of European Socialists for reversing a decision that was made quite clearly at the Conference of Presidents, and now he is doing exactly the same thing.
We debated it and we were unanimous, except for the EPP and ELDR Groups.
I even mentioned, as my fellow presidents will recall, that the question was not whether someone knew whether they were for or against the Tobin tax, but whether they had the courage to ask the Commission and the Council what they thought about it.
It's not much to ask.
I therefore reiterate my proposal that this oral question to the Commission and the Council be retained in order to ascertain once and for all the position of these two bodies on a proposal which is relatively modest but which would send a clear signal to public opinion, especially after the maelstrom of opinion caused by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We will vote on the request of the PPE-DE Group to remove the oral question on capital duty from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the request by 164 votes to 166, with 7 abstentions.)
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for promoting this debate.
Thank you very much.
Mr President, has my vote been counted? I could not vote electronically because I do not have a card.
Voted for
In fact, if we include the two members who have registered, the result is .....
Mr President, the Presidency has already announced the result of the vote.
There is no room for revision.
Mr President, in the previous vote - and I am following your decision on this - on the question of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I would like to speak on behalf of my group before the vote. That did not happen.
I would be grateful if, at the end of this item, I could give an explanation of vote on behalf of my group.
This is an important issue. It would be useful in the minutes of Parliament to mention how people feel about what we have just done, in the light of their own political analysis.
Mr President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Barón Crespo's presentation.
You didn't call me either.
I apologise for this, but the vote has already taken place and the decision has been made, so let us leave it there.
I am very sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. I did not see you ask for the floor.
Nevertheless, I think the positions are quite clear and will be recorded in the minutes.
When we approve the minutes of today's sitting tomorrow, any Member who feels that the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments.
This seems to me to be a workable solution.
The minutes of tomorrow's session will of course take into account any further explanations.
I think this is a better solution than going into very time-consuming explanations of vote now.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, would this be acceptable?
Mr President, if the result of the vote correctly records how my group voted, I have no objection and I cannot object to it.
If your decision is that I cannot give an explanation of vote, I accept it, but I have reservations.
We will pay particular attention to the wording of the minutes, as we always do, of course.
If they do not give an accurate picture of the positions adopted, we can correct them if necessary.
(The Rules of Procedure were adopted as amended.)
Safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the Council common position for adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of inspection requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterway (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
Mr President, we cannot and must not accept the fact that we are hearing more and more about accidents that cause major damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only but at least partly because the parties involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough or because, all too often, a small accident has become a major disaster, due to the ignorance or lack of training of drivers or other people in charge of vehicles.
As an Austrian, I still have vivid memories, as I believe we all do, of the disaster in the Tauern tunnel last year, which cost so many lives. Work continued for months in the Tauern Tunnel, at enormous cost, to rebuild parts of the tunnel destroyed by fire.
A months-long rehabilitation project cut off this important route between northern and southern Europe.
The traffic that had to be diverted for this tested the patience of many thousands of EU citizens to the limit.
In fact, in some municipalities in my province, all hell broke loose.
Prevention must be our answer to disasters like this, and this draft directive is an important step towards the availability of well-trained safety advisors so that the right action can be taken in time.
But we should not be content to simply legislate at EU level to increase security.
We also need to follow this up and ensure that Member States transpose our rules in good time and, more importantly, we need to ensure that they are applied afterwards.
Don't let this be yet another area where we will have to lament the lack of implementation later on.
I would like to address one last point.
We must not content ourselves with filling yet another gap in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much to be done in the field of road safety in Europe.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is here with us today, to present an appropriate text as soon as possible, so that the safety of transport through tunnels can continue to be improved, so that we do not have to experience disasters on this scale in Europe again.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, which has road safety at its heart. The report examines the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers working in the road, rail and inland waterway transport of dangerous goods.
I congratulate him on an excellent report.
Road safety has unfortunately been in the news recently: the Paddington train accident in London, the terrible train accident in Norway, two air accidents involving EU citizens and the natural disaster of the Erika off Brittany - all in the last four months - remind us that road safety can never be taken for granted and that those responsible for protecting citizens must be highly motivated and qualified.
The rapporteur has pointed out to Parliament that the Council has accepted in its common position six of the ten amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading and that the substance of Parliament's other amendments has been maintained.
My group therefore supports the common position and looks forward to the adoption of the legislation, which will give us yet another tool in our fight to improve transport safety in the European Union.
On safety, my group will always support any initiative to improve road safety.
We still have a long way to go in this area, as recent events have shown.
Mr President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would like firstly to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally precise and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for its proposal.
It is about harmonising qualification requirements, but in fact also about minimum requirements. This is a pity in a way.
It goes without saying that safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is of the utmost importance and, as these modes of transport are international, the training of safety advisers should also be harmonised, as should, for example, the requirements of the new ADR Convention, which is currently being prepared.
This is important, but so is enforcement, and there are, of course, a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this.
Just think of the road accidents in recent years in Belgium, the Netherlands and many other countries, where lorries carrying dangerous goods continued to drive in fog when they should have stopped on the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe docking next to ships here, with all the obvious risks that entails.
It has also emerged that investigations in Belgian, Finnish and Japanese ports have shown that 50% of containers containing partially dangerous cargo have not been properly delivered for transport.
In short, the question is an important one.
If we look at the situation of safety advisers, in several countries the employment of safety advisers in companies has been compulsory since 1 January this year.
There are currently major problems in implementing this rule, especially in smaller companies, which cannot afford safety advisers.
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems.
It is therefore also requested that ISO 9002 certification should possibly provide more detailed information on these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The job is done. All that remains is enforcement.
I would like to mention one more thing.
As regards implementation, appropriate agreements will also have to be concluded with the Eastern European countries, since they will not conclude agreements on this matter before 1 July 2001, i.e. in one and a half years' time.
This will give them a competitive advantage during the transition period.
There is nothing wrong with that in itself, but we should give priority to the safety aspects of road, rail and inland waterway transport in particular and incorporate them into the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and present them to the acceding countries.
Mr President, the importance of road safety is regularly highlighted in this House, and rightly so.
The ever-increasing volume of goods passing through Europe poses all kinds of known and unknown risks to workers and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in the second Directive 95/35/EC appear to be sufficient to advise people responsibly on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum requirements for qualifications, although I would have liked to have seen uniform, fixed requirements and modules established so that qualifications have the same value internationally.
However, this does not seem possible.
Finally, the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can therefore give it my full support.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by congratulating Mr Koch on his report, which is very important from a technical point of view in terms of safety.
I would just like to make a few comments.
First of all, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will find fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety, be it on roads, waterways or at sea.
Given that we are only now dealing with the Commission's proposal, which was first presented on 19 March 1998, although Parliament reacted relatively quickly, this delay is a little too long.
This is not just the Commission's fault, but I think we need to move faster to achieve harmonisation in this area too.
The second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum requirements.
In principle, I think that in many transport cases we should try to have more flexibility and country-specific rules.
However, I am rather sceptical about security, because, for example, Swedish security is basically no different from German, Italian or Austrian security.
I can live with these minimum requirements, but I ask the Commission to monitor the situation very closely.
If such flexibility leads to inadequate rules in some countries, we should seek to harmonise them.
