Resumption of meetings
I declare the session of the European Parliament, which was adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999, resumed and I would like to wish you once again a happy New Year and hope you enjoy a pleasant holiday season.
Although, as you can see, the dreaded millennium bug
You have asked for a debate on this issue during this part of the session in the coming days.
At the same time, as requested by some members, I would like to observe a minute of silence on behalf of all the victims concerned in the countries of the European Union, in particular those of the terrible storm.
Then please stand up and observe a minute of silence for this occasion.
(The House stood and observed a minute's silence)
Madam President, on a point of order.
You will know from the newspapers and television that there have been a number of bomb blasts and killings in Sri Lanka.
One of the people recently assassinated in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited the European Parliament just a few months earlier.
Madam President, should you write a letter to the President of Sri Lanka expressing the regret of Parliament for his and other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do everything possible to seek a peaceful reconciliation to resolve a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I think the kind of initiative you have just suggested is entirely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I will act on Mr Evans' suggestion.
Madam President, on a point of order.
I would like to hear your suggestions on Rule 143 on inadmissibility.
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and then I will ask it again.
Cunha's report on the multi-year guidance programme was presented to Parliament on Thursday, with paragraph 6 recommending some form of quota penalty for countries that fail to meet their annual fleet reduction targets. This should be done despite the principle of relative stability, it said.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the Common Fisheries Policy and that proposals to subvert this principle are legally unacceptable. I would like to know whether such an objection can be raised to what is merely a report, not a legislative proposal, and whether that is something I can do on Thursday.
If you wish, this is exactly the time when you can ask this question, i.e. before the presentation of the report starts on Thursday.
Madam President, during the first part of the European Parliament this year, a date has been set, unfortunately, for the execution of a 34-year-old young man sentenced to death next Thursday in Texas, USA. We will refer to him as Mr Hicks.
At the request of Mr. Zimeray, a French Member of Parliament, a petition has been submitted and signed by many people, including myself. However, I would like to ask you to use your prestigious position and the influence of the institution you represent, along the lines that the European Parliament and the European Community as a whole have now been following, to make representations to the President and the Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who has the power to order a stay of execution and a reprieve from the death penalty.
This is all in line with the principles we have always upheld.
Thank you, Mr. Segni, I am happy to do so.
Indeed, this is quite consistent with the position consistently taken by this Court.
Madam President, I would like to draw your attention to a case that has always been of concern to this Parliament. This is the case of Alexander Nikitin.
All of us here are delighted that the court has acquitted him and made it clear that access to environmental information is also a constitutional right in Russia.
However, he will now appear in court again, as the public prosecutor is filing an appeal.
We know, and we have specified this in many resolutions, including at our last plenary session last year, that this is not just a legal case and that Alexander Nikitin is wrongly accused of criminal activity and treason because of our role as beneficiaries of his findings.
These findings form the basis of the European protection programme for the Barents Sea, which is why I would like to ask you to review a draft letter setting out the most important facts and, in the case of Russia, to clarify the position expressed by the Parliament in the resolution it has adopted.
Yes, Mrs Schroedter, when I receive your letter I will be pleased to investigate the facts of this case.
First of all, Madam President, I would like to compliment you for keeping your promise, and during the first part of the new year's session, the number of television channels in our office has indeed increased considerably.
However, Madam President, my personal request has not been met.
Although there are now two Finnish language channels and one Portuguese language channel, there is still no Dutch language channel, which is what I asked for as the Dutch here also like to be able to follow the news when we are sent into this exile every month.
I am therefore once again asking you to ensure that we also get a Dutch channel.
Ms Plooij-van Gorsel, I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for Wednesday's meeting of the Quaestor.
I wanted to look at it in a positive light.
Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament is not complying with the health and safety legislation that it actually passed?
Why has no air quality testing been carried out on this particular building since we were elected?
Why has there not been a Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998?
Why are there no fire drills in either the Brussels or Strasbourg parliament buildings?
Why is there no fire protection statement?
Why haven't the stairs been improved after my accident?
Why are no-smoking areas not enforced?
It seems absolutely disgraceful that we pass legislation and then fail to comply with it ourselves.
Mrs Lynn, you are quite right and I will check to see if this is really not the case.
I will also put this question to the panel of judges who I am sure will be keen to ensure that we comply with the rules of our own vote.
Madam President, Mrs Díez González and I raised questions about certain comments made by the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, in a Spanish newspaper.
The authorities did not put these questions on the agenda on the grounds that they had already been answered at some of the previous meetings.
I would ask them to reconsider, as this is not the case.
The question answered earlier referred to Mrs de Palacio's intervention on another occasion, not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr. Berenguer-Foster, we will check all this out.
I admit that, at present, there seems to be some confusion on this issue.
We will therefore investigate it appropriately to ensure that everything is as it should be.
Madam President, I wonder if there will be a clear message from Parliament this week that we are not happy with today's decision to refuse to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia, considering that in the past the vast majority of this Parliament has endorsed the arms embargo on Indonesia?
Considering the situation there, the decision not to renew the embargo today would be extremely dangerous.
So Parliament should send a message, because that is what the vast majority of people want.
It would be irresponsible for EU member states to refuse to renew the embargo.
As has been said, the situation there is extremely volatile. In fact, there is a risk of a military coup in the future.
We do not know what is happening. So why should EU weapons producers profit at the expense of the innocent?
In any case, this issue is not currently included in the request for Thursday's thematic and urgent debate.
Agenda
Madam President, the political programme put forward by the Prodi Commission for the legislature as a whole, initially proposed by the European Socialist Party group, was unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September and was explicitly accepted by President Prodi, who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly under the Treaty and, as such, essentially determines the political and legislative activities of this Parliament for the next five years.
Madam President, I would also like to point out that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the last Parliament. It did so again during this Parliament in July, and then in September it voted again to approve the entire Commission.
There is therefore enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme, for us to become familiar with it and to explain it to our citizens.
For this reason, I would like to draw your attention to the resolution of 15 September, in which it is recommended that the proposal be submitted as soon as possible.
The events of last week - which originated outside the meeting of chairpersons, which was only used to confirm and approve decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma. Either the committee is not ready to present this option, in which case it should clarify it.
According to its President, it has the capacity to do so.
Given that the Committee is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I think it would be helpful if the Committee could let us know how it intends to present this option as agreed before the vote. Or that Parliament is not yet ready to review this option, as some seem to be suggesting.
It seems to me that this second hypothesis would imply the failure of Parliament to fulfil its role as a parliament, as well as the introduction of an original theory, an unknown method, including making speeches about the committee programme available to political groups in writing, a week in advance - not a day in advance as agreed - bearing in mind that the legislative programme will be discussed in February, so we can abandon the debate because the next day our citizens will hear it in the media and on the internet and Parliament will no longer have to worry about it.
Our group believes that since Parliament is there to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification for such a delay and we believe that there is still time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission, if the Commission is prepared to do so, and to do so in a way that fulfils our responsibilities to our fellow citizens.
The proposal of the European Socialist Group to which you refer is therefore that the Prodi Commission presents its legislative programme on Wednesday, including its proposed administrative reforms, because, otherwise, we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: on the pretext of the absence of a text, the President of the Commission would be deprived of the right to speak in this Parliament, on the one hand, and, on the other, without the Parliament having prior knowledge of the text on which it is based a reform would be debated.
I would therefore ask you, Madam Chairperson, to ask the Committee to express its views on this issue and then we will vote on it.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
Madam President, I am very surprised by the behaviour of Mr. Baron Crespo and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
Mr. Baron Crespo, you were unable to attend last Thursday's presidential meeting.
I'm not criticising that; it happens from time to time that people send people to represent them.
Mr Hänsch is representing you on this occasion.
During the Chairman's meeting, we had an in-depth discussion.
Your group is alone in claiming what you are now saying.
Then we put it to a vote.
As you know, each chairman has the same number of votes as the members of his group.
A vote was taken on this question. As I recall, the vote was 422 to 180, with a few abstentions.
This means that all groups agree, except for the non-joining members - who are, of course, not a group; only your group thinks we should proceed as you have suggested here.
All the others have a different opinion. That is the decision.
I would now like to comment on the issue itself.
We have confidence in the Commission and in Romano Prodi, and, after a difficult process, as you know, the vast majority of our group supported the vote of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan needs to be debated within the framework of a proper procedure, not only in an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted by the Commission which describes this programme over a five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Committee will present its programme for the year 2000 in February.
We have said very well that if the Commission does not wish to launch the year 2000 programme as early as January, then we will launch it in February.
We have agreed to do this.
After all, we do not want to quarrel with the Commission; if possible, we think that the Commission and the Parliament need to tread the same path.
However, we in Parliament also have an oversight role over the Commission and we do not necessarily have to agree with everything the Commission does.
I hope we can prepare our groups reasonably well for the debate on the five-year plan.
If you hear a statement in this house without knowing anything about its content, you cannot prepare for it.
That is why we are proposing - and I have the impression that the Commission is also open to the idea - that we have a debate in February on the Commission's long-term programme to 2005 - and I hope that the Commission agrees before then on the programme it presents to us - and that we also have a debate in February on the Commission's legislative programme for 2000.
The fact that the two subjects are interrelated also suggests that we should debate both options at the same time. This is why our group is firmly opposed to the proposal put forward by the Socialist Group.
(Applause from the PPE-DE group)
Madam President, I would like to make it very clear that, first of all, the Commission absolutely respects the decisions of this House, including the decision to set its agenda.
We therefore respect any decision that Parliament may take.
But I also want to make it very clear that President Prodi has promised this Parliament, as Mr. Baron Crespo reminded us, a new debate on the broad areas of action for the next five years, that is to say, for this legislature, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme.
Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September sets this debate apart from the annual introduction of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the committee is ready and prepared to hold this debate at a convenient time and that we are prepared to hold it this week on the basis of our initial agreement to address the parliamentary group the day before.
So, Madam Chair, I would like to reiterate that the committee has debated the action plan for the next five years and, when Parliament takes a decision - if that is the decision - this week, we are prepared to come and explain the programme for the next five years and explain the programme for the year 2000 next month, and that is what we are in full agreement with.
Madam President, I can hear the ripples of laughter coming from the socialists.
I was told that the majority of the Socialist Group members were also keen to have this item removed from the agenda as no votes were received from the working group of Socialist Group members responsible for this matter in the vote at the Chair's meeting.
I don't know if this information is correct, but in any case the PPE-DE team would like to see this item removed, as the council has dealt with this issue several times.
Decisions against such taxes have also been adopted.
This is why the Group proposes that the item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear from Mr Woods in opposition to this request.
Madam President, I would like to start by pointing out the lack of logic on the part of Mr Poettering. He has just spoken ill of the European Socialist Group for going against a decision that was taken in a very clear manner at the Presidential Conference and now he is doing the same thing.
We discussed this issue and with the exception of the PPE and ELDR groups, we were all in agreement.
My colleagues in the Chair will recall that I even mentioned that it was not a question of knowing whether one was for or against the Tobin Tax, but a question of daring to listen to what the Committee and the Council had to say about it.
It's not a huge ask.
I therefore propose once again to reserve this oral question to the Commission and the Council so that we can know once and for all the position of these two bodies on this proposal, which is relatively modest but which would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the wave of emotions caused by the failure of the Seattle meeting.
We will vote on the request from the PPE-DE group to remove the oral question on capital tax from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the request by 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions)
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate.
Thank you very much.
Madam President, has my vote been counted? I cannot vote electronically because I do not have a card.
My vote is in
In fact, if we add those two MPs who have declared, then the vote will be ....
Madam President, the results of the vote have been announced by the Presidency.
There is no room for amendment.
Madam Chair, in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on this issue - on the issue of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I wanted to speak on behalf of the group before the vote. But that did not happen.
Please allow me to explain the vote on behalf of the Group at the end of this item.
This is an important issue. It would be useful for the record of the House to show how people see what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I have also asked for the floor to comment on Mr. Baron Crespo's motion.
You didn't call me either.
I regret that, but the vote has been taken and the decision has been made, so let's leave the matter there.
I am very sorry, Mr Hansch and Mr Cox. I did not see that you had asked for the floor.
Even so, I think that these positions are quite clear and will be included in the minutes of the meeting.
When we adopt the minutes of today's meeting tomorrow, any member who feels that the position has not been explained clearly enough can request an amendment.
To me, this seems to be a workable solution.
The minutes of tomorrow's meeting will, of course, take into account any additional explanations.
I think this would be a better solution than the extremely time-consuming explanation of vote that is now taking place.
Mr. Cox, Mr. Hensch, are you comfortable with that?
Madam President, I will not and cannot object if the vote is correctly recorded for this group.
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation for the vote, I accept it with reservations.
We will pay particular attention to the wording of the Minutes, which is of course our usual practice.
If they do not correctly reflect the position taken, then we can amend them if necessary.
(The amended order of business was adopted)
Security advisors for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item was a report by Mr Koch on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism (A5-0105/1999) on the Council's common position for the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the harmonization of examination requirements for security consultants for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999-1998/0106 (COD) ).
Madam President, we cannot and should not accept the fact that we are hearing more and more frequently of accidents on our roads and on our railways and waterways that cause major damage, not entirely but at least partly because the people involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough, or because of the ignorance or lack of training of the drivers or others in charge of the various vehicles, and that a small accident often becomes a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I still remember very well, as I am sure we all do, the disaster in the Tauern Tunnel last year, which took many lives, and the subsequent work to rebuild the part of the tunnel destroyed in the fire lasted many months and was very costly.
Refurbishment work lasting several months has cut off this vital link between Europe's north and south.
The traffic that had to be diverted as a result has stretched the patience of thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
In fact, in some cities in our province, all hell broke loose.
Prevention must be our answer to such disasters and this draft directive is an important step towards providing trained security advisers to take the right action in a timely manner.
Likewise, we must not be satisfied with the development of European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow up to ensure that our rules are converted by member states in a timely manner and - more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied after the fact.
Please don't let this be another department where we then have to lament the lack of enforcement.
I would like to address this last point.
We must not be content to seal another hole in the safety net and close our eyes to the fact that there is still much to be done as far as transport security in Europe is concerned.
In this context, I would like to make a request that the responsible Commissioner, who is with us today, should come up with an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to continuing to make the tunnel safer for traffic in the future so that we in Europe do not have to experience a disaster of this scale again.
Madam President, I would like to begin by thanking Mr Koch for his report, which centres on transport security issues. The report looks at the harmonization of examination requirements for security consultants working in the field of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterways.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
Transport safety has sadly been in the news recently: the Paddington rail accident in London, the terrible rail accident in Norway, two aviation accidents involving EU citizens and the natural disaster on the Erika near Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those responsible for protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified.
The rapporteur pointed out to the House that in its Common Position the Council had accepted six of the ten amendments proposed by Parliament on first reading and retained the content of the other Parliamentary amendments.
The Group will therefore support this common position and looks forward to the enactment of legislation which will provide us with another tool to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible.
When it comes to safety, our Group will always support any initiative to improve transport safety.
As recent events have demonstrated, we still have a lot of work to do in this area.
Madam President, I would like to say a few words.
Firstly, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for his particularly accurate and technical work on the report and, secondly, for the recommendations submitted by the Committee.
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements, but in practice we are also concerned with the minimum requirements. In a sense, this is a pity.
It goes without saying that safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is very important and, given the international nature of these types of transport, the training of safety advisers should also be harmonised, as should the requirements of the new ADR, for example, which is underway.
This is important, but so is enforcement, and there are certainly many reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this.
Consider the road accidents that have occurred in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and some other countries, where trucks carrying dangerous goods have continued to drive in foggy weather when in fact they should have pulled over to the side of the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe moored near the vessels here, with all the obvious risks that this entails.
In addition, studies in Belgian, Finnish and Japanese ports have shown that 50% of some containers of dangerous goods are not delivered correctly for transport.
In short, this issue is an important one.
If we look at the situation of security consultants, in some countries, as of 1 January this year, companies are obliged to employ such security consultants.
There would currently be significant problems in enforcing this rule, particularly for smaller companies, which cannot afford to hire security consultants.
These smaller companies either dispose of the goods or mix them with other goods, which causes problems.
There is therefore also a requirement for ISO 9002 certificates to potentially include more granular details of these activities, in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The work is done. All that remains is the implementation.
I would like to mention one last point.
With regard to implementation, it is also necessary to conclude appropriate agreements with the Eastern European countries, which will not sign a treaty covering this issue until 1 July 2001, i.e. within 18 months.
This gives them a competitive advantage in the transition period.
This is not a terrible thing in itself, but we should give special priority to the security of goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and submit it to the acceding countries as soon as possible as part of Community law.
Madam President, the importance of transport security is often stressed in this Parliament, and rightly so.
The increasing volume of goods passing through Europe poses a variety of known and unknown risks to employees and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another directive, 95/35/EC, seem to be sufficient to provide advice on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods in a responsible manner.
I am pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on the minimum standards relating to the examinations, although I would have preferred to establish uniform, fixed standards and modules so that the certificates would be of equal value internationally.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the amendment proposed by the Rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can therefore support it wholeheartedly.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by congratulating Mr Koch on his reports, which, although technical in nature, are of great importance for security.
I would just like to make a few comments.
First of all, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am sure my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to safety issues, whether on the roads, on the waterways or at sea.
Considering that we are only dealing today with the proposal first made by the Commission on 19 March 1998, this time lag is a bit too long, despite the relatively quick response of Parliament.
It's not just the Commission's fault, but I think we need to act faster to achieve coordination in this area as well.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I think we should strive for more flexibility and country-specific rules in many cases involving transport.
When it comes to security, however, I am rather sceptical, because security in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from security in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can accept these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully.
If this flexibility leads to insufficient rules in some countries, then we should strive for greater harmonisation.