Resumption of the session
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday, 17 December 1999, and I wish you all a Happy New Year in the hope that you have enjoyed a pleasant festive period.
Although, as you will have seen, the dreaded millennium bug did not materialise, people in a number of countries suffered a series of natural disasters that were truly horrific.
You have requested a debate on this issue in the next few days, during this part-session.
In the meantime, as a number of Members have requested, I would like to observe a minute's silence for all the victims, especially of the terrible storms, in the various countries of the European Union.
Then please stand up for this minute's silence.
(Parliament stood and observed a minute's silence)
Madam President, a point of order.
You know from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka.
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam, who had visited the European Parliament only a few months ago.
Would it be appropriate for you, Madam President, to write a letter to the President of Sri Lanka expressing Parliament's distress at his and the other violent deaths in Sri Lanka and urging her to do everything possible to bring about a peaceful reconciliation in a very difficult situation?
Yes, Mr Evans, I think an initiative of the kind you have just suggested would be entirely appropriate.
If the House agrees, I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested.
Madam President, a point of order.
I would like your advice on Rule 143 concerning inadmissibility.
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again.
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes will be presented to Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal, in paragraph 6, to introduce a form of quota penalty for countries that fail to meet their annual fleet reduction targets. According to the report, this should happen despite the principle of relative stability.
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and that a proposal to undermine this principle would be legally inadmissible. I want to know whether I can make such an objection to a report and not to a legislative proposal, and whether I can do so on Thursday in full knowledge of the facts.
That is precisely the time when you can ask this question, if you wish, i.e. on Thursday before the start of the presentation of the report.
(Madam President, coinciding with this year's first part-session of the European Parliament, a date has unfortunately been set for the execution of a young man of 34, sentenced to death, in Texas, America, next Thursday. We will call him Mr Hicks.
At the request of a French Member of Parliament, Mr Zimeray, a petition has already been presented, signed by many people including myself. However, I would ask you, in accordance with the line currently followed by the European Parliament and the entire European Community, with the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent, to make representations to the President and Governor of Texas, Mr Bush, who have the power to order a stay of execution and to pardon the condemned person.
All this is in line with the principles we have always upheld.
Thank you, Mr Segni. I will be happy to do so.
It is in line with the positions this Parliament has always taken.
(Madam President, I would like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest. It is the case of Alexander Nikitin.
All of us here are pleased that the court acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia, too, access to environmental information is a constitutional right.
However, now he has to appear in court again because the prosecutor is appealing.
We know, and we have said so in very many resolutions, especially at the last plenary session last year, that this is not just a legal matter and that it is wrong to accuse Alexander Nikitin of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings.
These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect the Barents Sea, and so I would ask you to examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and clarifying Parliament's position, as expressed in the resolutions it has adopted, on Russia.
Yes, Madam. I will be happy to study the facts of the case when I receive your letter.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to congratulate you on keeping your word and on the fact that the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably during this first part-session of the new year.
But, Madam President, my personal request has not been met.
Although there are now two Finnish channels and one Portuguese, there is still no Dutch channel, which I had requested because the Dutch here would also like to be able to follow the news when we are sent to this place of exile every month.
I would therefore ask you once again to ensure that we also get a Dutch channel.
Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, I can tell you that this issue is on the agenda for the Quaestors' meeting on Wednesday.
It will, I hope, be seen in a positive light.
Madam President, can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually adopts?
Why has no air quality test been done on this building since we were elected?
Why has no health and safety committee met since 1998?
Why was there no fire drill in either the parliament buildings in Brussels or Strasbourg?
Why are there no fire instructions?
Why have the stairs not improved since my accident?
Why are smoke-free zones not enforced?
It is absolutely scandalous that we pass legislation and do not abide by it ourselves.
Madam, you are absolutely right. I will check that this did not happen.
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors, and I am sure they will see to it that we comply with the regulations we adopt ourselves.
(NL) Madam President, Mrs Díez González and I have asked questions about certain opinions of the Vice-President, Mrs de Palacio, which have appeared in a Spanish newspaper.
The relevant services did not include them on the agenda because they had already been answered at a previous part-session.
I would ask that they reconsider, because this is not the case.
The questions previously answered referred to Ms de Palacio's intervention, on another occasion, and not to these comments which appeared in the ABC newspaper on 18 November.
Mr Berenguer Fuster, we will check all this.
I admit that things seem a bit confused at the moment.
So we will examine it thoroughly to make sure that everything is as it should be.
(Madam President, I would like to know whether this week the House will send a clear signal of our dissatisfaction with today's decision not to renew the arms embargo on Indonesia, given that the vast majority in this House have supported the arms embargo on Indonesia in the past?
Today's decision not to extend the embargo is extremely dangerous given the situation there.
Parliament must therefore send a message, because that is the wish of the vast majority.
It is irresponsible of the EU Member States to refuse to extend the embargo.
As has been said, the situation there is extremely unstable. There is even a risk of a military coup in the future.
We do not know what is happening. So why should EU arms producers profit at the expense of innocent people?
In any case, this issue is not currently part of the requests for a topical and urgent debate on Thursday.
Agenda
(Madam President, the presentation of the political programme of the Prodi Commission for the whole legislature was initially a proposal by the Group of the Party of European Socialists, which was unanimously approved by the Conference of Presidents in September and which was also expressly accepted by President Prodi, who reiterated his commitment in his inaugural speech.
This commitment is important because, according to the Treaties, the Commission has the monopoly of initiative and, therefore, effectively dictates this Parliament's political and legislative activity for the next five years.
Madam President, I would also like to point out that this Parliament expressed its confidence in President Prodi during the last legislature. It expressed this confidence once again during this legislature, in July, and then, in September, it approved the entire Commission.
So there has been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to familiarise ourselves with it and explain it to our citizens.
In this context, I would like to recall the resolution of 15 September, which recommends that the proposal be submitted as soon as possible.
The events of the past week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents, since this Conference is only used to confirm and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - place us in a dilemma. Either the Commission is not ready to present this programme, in which case it should clarify it.
According to its chairman, it is capable of doing so.
Since the Commission is represented by Vice-President de Palacio, I think it would help if, before the vote, the Commission told us to what extent it is ready to present this programme as agreed. Another possibility is that Parliament is not ready to examine this programme, as some seem to suggest.
In my opinion, this second hypothesis would mean Parliament failing in its duty as a Parliament and introducing an original thesis, an unknown method which consists of informing the political groups in writing of a speech on the Commission's programme a week earlier - and not the day before, as had been agreed - bearing in mind that the legislative programme will be debated in February, so that we can dispense with the debate, since our citizens will find out about it the next day in the press and on the Internet and Parliament will not then have to worry about it.
My group believes that, since the purpose of a parliament is to listen, debate and reflect, there can be no justification for this delay, and we believe that, if the Commission is willing, we still have time to restore the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a way that is consistent with our duty to our fellow citizens.
That is why the proposal by the Group of the Party of European Socialists, to which you referred, is that the Prodi Commission should present its legislative programme on Wednesday, including the administrative reform it has proposed, because, otherwise, we could find ourselves in a paradoxical situation: on the pretext that there is no text, on the one hand, the President of the Commission would be deprived of his right to speak in this Parliament and, on the other, a debate would take place on a reform when Parliament has no prior knowledge of the texts on which it is based.
Therefore, Madam President, I would ask you to ask the Commission to give its opinion on this matter and then to proceed to the vote.
(Applause from the PSE Group)
(Madam President, I am really perplexed by Mr Barón Crespo's behaviour and the fact that he is now asking for this item to be put on Wednesday's agenda.
Mr Barón Crespo, you were not at the Conference of Presidents last Thursday.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.
Mr Hänsch represented you on this occasion.
We had an in-depth discussion in the Conference of Presidents.
Your group was the only one to advocate what you are saying now.
Then we will put it to the vote.
As you know, each chairman has as many votes as his group has members.
There was a vote on this matter. If I remember correctly, the result of this vote was 422 votes to 180 with some abstentions.
This means that all the political groups, with the exception of the Non-attached Members - but of course they do not form a group - were in agreement; only your group thought that we should proceed as you have proposed here.
Everyone else was of a different opinion. That was the decision.
I would now like to turn to the issue itself.
We have confidence in the Commission and in Romano Prodi and, after a difficult procedure, as everyone knows, the overwhelming majority of our group supported the motion of confidence in Romano Prodi and the Commission.
However, we believe that the Commission's strategic plan should be discussed in an appropriate procedural framework, not only on the basis of an oral statement here in the European Parliament, but also on the basis of a document adopted in the Commission, which describes this programme for the five-year period.
There is no such document!
The Commission will present its programme for the year 2000 in February.
We have said very clearly that if the Commission does not want to introduce the 2000 programme as early as January, we will do so in February.
We have agreed to this.
We do not want to quarrel with the Commission; if at all possible, we believe that the Commission and Parliament should go down the same road.
However, we in Parliament also have a monitoring role vis-à-vis the Commission and we do not have to agree with everything the Commission says.
I would like us to be able to prepare the debate on the five-year programme reasonably well in our groups.
You cannot prepare yourself if you hear a statement in this House and have no idea of its content.
We would therefore recommend - and I have the impression that the Commission is also open to this idea - that we hold the debate on the Commission's long-term programme up to 2005 in February - and I hope that the Commission will by then agree on a programme that it will propose to us - and that we hold the debate on the Commission's legislative programme for the year 2000 in February.
The fact that the issues are related also indicates that we need to have the debate on both programmes together. That is why my group firmly rejects the Socialist Group's proposal.
(Applause from the PPE-DE Group)
(Madam President, I would like to make it very clear that, above all, the Commission absolutely respects the decisions of this House, including the decision that sets its agenda.
We therefore respect whatever Parliament decides.
But I would also like to make it very clear that President Prodi has promised this Parliament that, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme, he will introduce a new debate, as Mr Barón Crespo reminded us, on the major areas of action for the next five years, that is, for this legislature.
(Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September distinguishes this debate from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready and willing to have this debate when it suits it, and we were ready to do it this week, as we had originally agreed, on the assumption that it would be presented the day before in a speech to the parliamentary groups.
I would therefore like to repeat, Madam President, that the Commission has discussed the action plan for the next five years and that, if Parliament so decides - this week if that is the decision - we are prepared to come and explain the programme for the next five years and, next month, the programme for 2000, on which we have reached full agreement.
Madam President, I hear waves of laughter from the socialists.
I have been informed that large parts of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda because the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter did not vote in the Conference of Presidents.
I do not know if this information is correct, but in any case the PPE-DE Group would appreciate it if this point were to be deleted, because Parliament has already dealt with this issue several times.
Decisions have also been taken against such a tax.
My group therefore proposes that this item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this request.
Madam President, I would firstly like to point out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. He has just been lecturing the Group of the Party of European Socialists for going back on a decision taken in a perfectly clear manner by the Conference of Presidents, and now he is doing exactly the same thing.
We discussed this point and were unanimous, with the exception of the PPE Group and the ELDR Group.
As my fellow Presidents will recall, I even said that it was not a question of being for or against the Tobin tax, but of daring to hear what the Commission and the Council thought.
It is not much to ask.
I therefore repeat my proposal to maintain this oral question to the Commission and the Council, so that we can hear once and for all the position of these two bodies on the proposal, which is relatively modest, but which would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the wave of feelings aroused by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We shall proceed to the vote on the request by the PPE-DE Group to remove from the agenda the oral question on capital tax.
(Parliament rejected the request, with 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions)
(Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate.
Thank you.
Madam President, has my vote been counted? I could not vote electronically because I do not have a card.
My voice was in
If we add the two Members who have declared themselves, the result of the vote would be ..... would be.
Madam President, the Presidency has already announced the outcome of the vote.
There is no room for amendments.
(Madam President, in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on this - on the issue of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I would like to speak on behalf of my group before the vote. That did not happen.
I would appreciate it if, at the end of this agenda item, I could give an explanation of vote on behalf of my group.
This is an important matter. It would be useful for the record of the House to indicate how people view what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
(Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor to respond to Mr Barón Crespo's motion.
You didn't call me either.
I regret this, but the vote has already taken place and the decision has been taken, so let us leave it at that.
I am terribly sorry, Mr Hänsch and Mr Cox. I did not see you ask to speak.
Nevertheless, I think that the positions are quite clear and will be recorded in the Minutes.
When we adopt the minutes of today's sitting tomorrow, Members who feel that the positions have not been made sufficiently clear will be able to request amendments.
This seems to me to be a workable solution.
Any additional explanations will of course be taken into account in the Minutes of tomorrow's sitting.
I think that this is a better solution than resorting now to extremely time-consuming explanations of vote.
Mr Cox, Mr Hänsch, is this acceptable to you?
(Madam President, if the vote correctly reflects how my group voted, I will not and cannot object.
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote, I accept it, but with reservations.
We will pay particular attention to the wording of the Minutes, as we always do, of course.
If they do not accurately reflect the positions taken, we can correct them if necessary.
(The order of business was thus amended)
Safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999 ) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterways (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
Madam President, it is unacceptable and intolerable that we are hearing more and more about accidents that cause great damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only because those involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough, but at least in part, or because - due to ignorance or lack of training of the drivers or others responsible for the various vehicles - a minor accident has all too often turned into a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I remember very well, as I think we all do, the disaster that claimed so many lives last year in the Tauern Tunnel, where work to rebuild the sections of the tunnel destroyed by this fire continued for months at great expense.
The months-long renovation project cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe.
The traffic that had to be diverted as a result stretched the patience of many thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
In fact, all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province.
Prevention must be our answer to disasters of this kind, and this draft directive is an important step towards ensuring that well-trained safety advisers are available so that the right measures are taken in good time.
Yet we must not content ourselves with enacting European legislation to guarantee greater security.
We must also follow this up and ensure that our rules are transposed in good time by the Member States and, more importantly, we must ensure that they are applied afterwards.
Please do not let this be another sector where we have to complain afterwards about the lack of enforcement.
I would like to make one final point.
We must not be content with closing yet another loophole in the safety net and closing our eyes to the fact that much remains to be done in the area of transport safety in Europe.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is here today, to present an appropriate text as soon as possible in order to make traffic in tunnels safer in future, too, so that we do not have to witness any more disasters of this magnitude in Europe.
(Madam President, I wish to begin by thanking Mr Koch for his report, which focuses on the issue of transport safety. The report addresses the issue of harmonising examination requirements for safety advisers working in the field of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterway.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
Transport safety has been the subject of much debate recently: the Paddington train crash in London, the terrible rail accident in Norway, the two air crashes involving EU citizens and the Erika natural disaster off Brittany - all in the last four months - have reminded us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public need to be highly motivated and highly qualified.
The rapporteur pointed out to the House that, in its common position, the Council had accepted six of the ten amendments tabled by Parliament at first reading and that the substance of the other amendments by Parliament had been retained.
My group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the adoption of the legislation, which will give us a new tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible.
As far as safety is concerned, my Group will always support all initiatives to improve transport safety.
As recent events have shown, we have a lot of work to do in this area.
Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would like to thank, firstly, the rapporteur for his extremely precise and technical work on the report and, secondly, the Commission for the proposal it has submitted.
It is about harmonising examination requirements, but in fact it is also about minimum requirements. In a way, that is a pity.
Road, rail and inland waterway safety is, of course, of great importance and, given the international nature of these modes of transport, the training of safety advisers should also be harmonised, as should, for example, the requirements of the new ADR, which is currently being drafted.
This is important, but so is enforcement, and there are, of course, a number of reasons why we should pay particular attention to this.
Just think of the road accidents that have taken place in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries, where lorries carrying dangerous goods have continued on their way in foggy conditions when they should actually have left the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe mooring next to ships here, with all the obvious risks that entails.
Moreover, research in the ports of Belgium, Finland, but also Japan, has shown that 50% of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment.
In short, it is an important issue.
As far as safety advisers are concerned, in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ safety advisers in companies from 1 January this year.
The enforcement of this rule will currently cause major problems, especially for smaller companies, as they cannot afford safety advisors.
These smaller companies either get rid of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems.
For this reason, ISO 9002 certificates are also requested to mention the finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and business analyses.
The work is done. All that remains is enforcement.
I would like to mention one last point.
As far as enforcement is concerned, good arrangements must also be made with the Eastern European countries, because they will not conclude treaties regulating this matter until 1 July 2001, i.e. in eighteen months' time.
This gives them a competitive advantage for the interim period.
This in itself is nothing terrible, but we should particularly prioritise the safety aspects for goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and include them as part of the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and present them to the acceding states.
(Madam President, the importance of transport safety is regularly stressed in this House and rightly so.
The ever-increasing volume of goods transported through Europe entails all kinds of known and unknown risks for the workers and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks must therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another directive, 95/35/EC, seem sufficient to provide responsible advice on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very pleased that minimum standards for examinations have also been agreed with the Council, although I would have preferred uniform, fixed standards and modules, so that certificates would be of equal value internationally.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the rapporteur's amendment makes perfect sense and I can wholeheartedly support it.
(NL) Mr President, Commissioner, I should first of all like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports, which, although technical, are nevertheless of great importance to safety.
I would just like to make a few comments.
Firstly, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am sure that my request will be well received - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety, whether on the roads, on inland waterways or at sea.
Given that it is only today that we are considering a Commission proposal that was first presented on 19 March 1998, even though Parliament responded relatively quickly, this time lag is a little too long.
This is not just the Commission's fault, but I believe that we must act more quickly to achieve harmonisation in this area too.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I believe that in many cases in the area of transport we should aim for greater flexibility and country-specific rules.
When it comes to safety, however, I am rather sceptical because safety in, for example, Sweden is basically no different from safety in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very closely.
Should such flexibility lead to inadequate rules in some countries, we should strive for greater harmonisation.
