We therefore respect any decision that Parliament may take.
But I also want to make it very clear that President Prodi has promised this Parliament, as Mr. Baron Crespo reminded us, a new debate on the broad areas of action for the next five years, that is to say, for this legislature, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme.
Madam President, I would like to say that the agreement reached in September sets this debate apart from the annual introduction of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the committee is ready and prepared to hold this debate at a convenient time and that we are prepared to hold it this week on the basis of our initial agreement to address the parliamentary group the day before.
So, Madam Chair, I would like to reiterate that the committee has debated the action plan for the next five years and, when Parliament takes a decision - if that is the decision - this week, we are prepared to come and explain the programme for the next five years and explain the programme for the year 2000 next month, and that is what we are in full agreement with.
Madam President, I can hear the ripples of laughter coming from the socialists.
I was told that the majority of the Socialist Group members were also keen to have this item removed from the agenda as no votes were received from the working group of Socialist Group members responsible for this matter in the vote at the Chair's meeting.
I don't know if this information is correct, but in any case the PPE-DE team would like to see this item removed, as the council has dealt with this issue several times.
Decisions against such taxes have also been adopted.
This is why the Group proposes that the item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear from Mr Woods in opposition to this request.
Madam President, I would like to start by pointing out the lack of logic on the part of Mr Poettering. He has just spoken ill of the European Socialist Group for going against a decision that was taken in a very clear manner at the Presidential Conference and now he is doing the same thing.
We discussed this issue and with the exception of the PPE and ELDR groups, we were all in agreement.
My colleagues in the Chair will recall that I even mentioned that it was not a question of knowing whether one was for or against the Tobin Tax, but a question of daring to listen to what the Committee and the Council had to say about it.
It's not a huge ask.
I therefore propose once again to reserve this oral question to the Commission and the Council so that we can know once and for all the position of these two bodies on this proposal, which is relatively modest but which would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the wave of emotions caused by the failure of the Seattle meeting.
We will vote on the request from the PPE-DE group to remove the oral question on capital tax from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the request by 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions)
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate.
Thank you very much.
Madam President, has my vote been counted? I cannot vote electronically because I do not have a card.
My vote is in
In fact, if we add those two MPs who have declared, then the vote will be ....
Madam President, the results of the vote have been announced by the Presidency.
There is no room for amendment.
Madam Chair, in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on this issue - on the issue of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I wanted to speak on behalf of the group before the vote. But that did not happen.
Please allow me to explain the vote on behalf of the Group at the end of this item.
This is an important issue. It would be useful for the record of the House to show how people see what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I have also asked for the floor to comment on Mr. Baron Crespo's motion.
You didn't call me either.
I regret that, but the vote has been taken and the decision has been made, so let's leave the matter there.
I am very sorry, Mr Hansch and Mr Cox. I did not see that you had asked for the floor.
Even so, I think that these positions are quite clear and will be included in the minutes of the meeting.
When we adopt the minutes of today's meeting tomorrow, any member who feels that the position has not been explained clearly enough can request an amendment.
To me, this seems to be a workable solution.
The minutes of tomorrow's meeting will, of course, take into account any additional explanations.
I think this would be a better solution than the extremely time-consuming explanation of vote that is now taking place.
Mr. Cox, Mr. Hensch, are you comfortable with that?
Madam President, I will not and cannot object if the vote is correctly recorded for this group.
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation for the vote, I accept it with reservations.
We will pay particular attention to the wording of the Minutes, which is of course our usual practice.
If they do not correctly reflect the position taken, then we can amend them if necessary.
(The amended order of business was adopted)
Security advisors for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item was a report by Mr Koch on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism (A5-0105/1999) on the Council's common position for the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the harmonization of examination requirements for security consultants for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999-1998/0106 (COD) ).
Madam President, we cannot and should not accept the fact that we are hearing more and more frequently of accidents on our roads and on our railways and waterways that cause major damage, not entirely but at least partly because the people involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough, or because of the ignorance or lack of training of the drivers or others in charge of the various vehicles, and that a small accident often becomes a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I still remember very well, as I am sure we all do, the disaster in the Tauern Tunnel last year, which took many lives, and the subsequent work to rebuild the part of the tunnel destroyed in the fire lasted many months and was very costly.
Refurbishment work lasting several months has cut off this vital link between Europe's north and south.
The traffic that had to be diverted as a result has stretched the patience of thousands of people in the EU to the limit.
In fact, in some cities in our province, all hell broke loose.
Prevention must be our answer to such disasters and this draft directive is an important step towards providing trained security advisers to take the right action in a timely manner.
Likewise, we must not be satisfied with the development of European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow up to ensure that our rules are converted by member states in a timely manner and - more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied after the fact.
Please don't let this be another department where we then have to lament the lack of enforcement.
I would like to address this last point.
We must not be content to seal another hole in the safety net and close our eyes to the fact that there is still much to be done as far as transport security in Europe is concerned.
In this context, I would like to make a request that the responsible Commissioner, who is with us today, should come up with an appropriate text as soon as possible with a view to continuing to make the tunnel safer for traffic in the future so that we in Europe do not have to experience a disaster of this scale again.
Madam President, I would like to begin by thanking Mr Koch for his report, which centres on transport security issues. The report looks at the harmonization of examination requirements for security consultants working in the field of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterways.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
Transport safety has sadly been in the news recently: the Paddington rail accident in London, the terrible rail accident in Norway, two aviation accidents involving EU citizens and the natural disaster on the Erika near Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those responsible for protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified.
The rapporteur pointed out to the House that in its Common Position the Council had accepted six of the ten amendments proposed by Parliament on first reading and retained the content of the other Parliamentary amendments.
The Group will therefore support this common position and looks forward to the enactment of legislation which will provide us with another tool to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible.
When it comes to safety, our Group will always support any initiative to improve transport safety.
As recent events have demonstrated, we still have a lot of work to do in this area.
Madam President, I would like to say a few words.
Firstly, I would like to thank the Rapporteur for his particularly accurate and technical work on the report and, secondly, for the recommendations submitted by the Committee.
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements, but in practice we are also concerned with the minimum requirements. In a sense, this is a pity.
It goes without saying that safety on roads, railways and inland waterways is very important and, given the international nature of these types of transport, the training of safety advisers should also be harmonised, as should the requirements of the new ADR, for example, which is underway.
This is important, but so is enforcement, and there are certainly many reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this.
Consider the road accidents that have occurred in recent years, for example in Belgium, the Netherlands and some other countries, where trucks carrying dangerous goods have continued to drive in foggy weather when in fact they should have pulled over to the side of the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe moored near the vessels here, with all the obvious risks that this entails.
In addition, studies in Belgian, Finnish and Japanese ports have shown that 50% of some containers of dangerous goods are not delivered correctly for transport.
In short, this issue is an important one.
If we look at the situation of security consultants, in some countries, as of 1 January this year, companies are obliged to employ such security consultants.
There would currently be significant problems in enforcing this rule, particularly for smaller companies, which cannot afford to hire security consultants.
These smaller companies either dispose of the goods or mix them with other goods, which causes problems.
There is therefore also a requirement for ISO 9002 certificates to potentially include more granular details of these activities, in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The work is done. All that remains is the implementation.
I would like to mention one last point.
With regard to implementation, it is also necessary to conclude appropriate agreements with the Eastern European countries, which will not sign a treaty covering this issue until 1 July 2001, i.e. within 18 months.
This gives them a competitive advantage in the transition period.
This is not a terrible thing in itself, but we should give special priority to the security of goods transported by road, rail and inland waterways and submit it to the acceding countries as soon as possible as part of Community law.
Madam President, the importance of transport security is often stressed in this Parliament, and rightly so.
The increasing volume of goods passing through Europe poses a variety of known and unknown risks to employees and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another directive, 95/35/EC, seem to be sufficient to provide advice on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods in a responsible manner.
I am pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on the minimum standards relating to the examinations, although I would have preferred to establish uniform, fixed standards and modules so that the certificates would be of equal value internationally.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the amendment proposed by the Rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can therefore support it wholeheartedly.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by congratulating Mr Koch on his reports, which, although technical in nature, are of great importance for security.
I would just like to make a few comments.
First of all, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am sure my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to safety issues, whether on the roads, on the waterways or at sea.
Considering that we are only dealing today with the proposal first made by the Commission on 19 March 1998, this time lag is a bit too long, despite the relatively quick response of Parliament.
It's not just the Commission's fault, but I think we need to act faster to achieve coordination in this area as well.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns minimum standards.
In principle, I think we should strive for more flexibility and country-specific rules in many cases involving transport.
When it comes to security, however, I am rather sceptical, because security in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from security in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can accept these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully.
If this flexibility leads to insufficient rules in some countries, then we should strive for greater harmonisation.