We therefore respect what Parliament may decide.
However, I would also like to make it quite clear that President Prodi has made a commitment to this Parliament to launch a new debate, as Mr Bar처n Crespo reminded us, in addition to the annual debate on the Commission's legislative programme, on the major areas for action for the next five years, that is, for this parliamentary term.
Madam President, I would like to point out that the agreement reached in September makes this debate different from the annual presentation of the Commission's legislative programme.
I would also like to say that the Commission is ready and willing to have this debate whenever it is appropriate and that we were ready to do so this week, as we had originally agreed, on the basis that it would be presented in a speech to the parliamentary groups the day before.
Therefore, Madam President, I would like to repeat that the Commission has discussed the action plan for the next five years and when Parliament decides - this week, if that is the case - we are ready to come and explain the programme for the next five years and next month the programme for the year 2000, which we have fully agreed on.
Madam President, I can hear the Socialists laughing.
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item removed from the agenda, as the vote in the Conference of Presidents had not received a vote from the working group of Socialist Group Members responsible for this matter.
I do not know whether this information is correct, but the PPE-DE Group would in any case be grateful if this point were deleted, because Parliament has already dealt with this issue on several occasions.
Decisions were also taken against such a tax.
Therefore, my group requests that this item be removed from the agenda.
Thank you very much, Mr Poettering.
We will now hear Mr Wurtz speak against this motion.
Madam President, I would like to start by pointing out Mr Poettering's lack of logic. A moment ago, he was telling off the Group of the Party of European Socialists for reversing a decision taken in no uncertain terms at the Conference of Presidents, and now he is doing exactly the same thing.
We discussed this issue and were in agreement, with the exception of the PPE and ELDR groups.
As my colleagues will remember, I even mentioned that it is not a question of whether one is for or against the Tobin tax, but whether one dares to hear what the Commission and the Council think about it.
That is not too much to ask.
I therefore repeat the proposal to maintain this oral question to the Commission and the Council in order to know, once and for all, the attitude of these two institutions to the proposal, which, although relatively modest, would send a clear message to public opinion, especially after the flood of emotions generated by the failure of the Seattle Conference.
We shall now proceed to the vote on the request by the PPE-DE Group to withdraw the oral question on capital duty from the agenda.
(Parliament rejected the motion by 164 votes in favour, 166 against and 7 abstentions).
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Poettering for promoting this debate.
Thank you very much.
Madam President, has my vote been counted? I could not vote electronically because I do not have a card.
My vote was cast
If we add the two MPs who put themselves forward, the result of the vote is ....
Madam President, the Presidency has already announced the result of the vote.
There is no room for change.
Madam President, in the previous vote - and I will abide by your decision on this matter - on the issue of the Commission's strategic plan, I indicated that I would like to speak on behalf of my group before the vote. That did not happen.
I would be grateful if I could make an explanation of vote on behalf of my group at the end of this agenda item.
This is an important matter. It would be useful for the record of the House to be able to say how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis.
Madam President, I do not want to reopen the debate, but I had also asked for the floor to comment on Mr Bar처n Crespo's request.
They didn't call me either.
I regret this, but the vote has already been taken and the decision has been made, so let's leave it at that.
I am terribly sorry, Mr H채nsch and Mr Cox. I did not see that you asked to speak.
However, I think the positions are clear and they will be included in the minutes.
Tomorrow, when we adopt the minutes of today's sitting, any Members who feel that the positions have not been made clear enough will be able to table amendments.
This seems to me to be a workable solution.
Of course, the minutes of tomorrow's sitting will take into account any additional explanations.
I think this is a better solution than making extremely time-consuming explanations of vote now.
Mr Cox, Mr H채nsch, would that be acceptable to you?
Madam President, if the vote is correctly reflected as my group voted, I will not and cannot object.
If you think that I cannot give an explanation of vote, I accept that, but with reservations.
We will, as we always do of course, pay particular attention to the wording of the protocol.
If they do not accurately reflect the positions adopted, we can correct them if necessary.
(The work plan is adopted as amended).
Safety adviser for the transport of dangerous goods
The next item is the report (A5-0105/1999) by Mr Koch, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the harmonisation of examination requirements for safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods by road, rail or inland waterway (C5-0208/1999 - 1998/0106(COD)).
Madam President, we cannot and must not resign ourselves to the fact that we are hearing more and more frequently about accidents causing major damage on our roads, but also on our railways and waterways, not only, but at least partly, because those involved do not take the transport of dangerous goods seriously enough or because - due to ignorance or lack of training on the part of the drivers or other people responsible for the various vehicles - a minor accident has all too often turned into a major disaster.
As an Austrian, I still remember the disaster in the Tauern Tunnel that cost so many lives last year, and the months of reconstruction of the parts of the tunnel destroyed in that fire at great expense.
Months of renovation work have interrupted this important link between the north and south of Europe.
The traffic that had to be diverted as a result tested the patience of many thousands of people in the EU.
All hell broke loose in some communities in my province.
Prevention must be our response to such disasters and this draft directive is an important step towards the availability of well-trained safety advisors so that the right measures can be taken in time.
Nevertheless, we must not be content with enacting European law to ensure greater security.
We also need to follow this up and ensure that our rules are implemented by Member States in a timely manner and, more importantly, we need to ensure that they are applied afterwards.
Please do not let this be another area where we have to lament the lack of enforcement later.
I would like to make one last point.
We must not be content with plugging another hole in the safety net and turning a blind eye to the fact that there is still much to be done in terms of road safety in Europe.
In this context, I would like to make a request and ask the Commissioner responsible, who is present here today, to submit an appropriate text as soon as possible in order to make traffic in the tunnels safer in the future, too, so that we in Europe do not have to experience disasters of this magnitude again.
Madam President, first of all I would like to thank Mr Koch for his report, which focuses on the issue of transport safety. The report deals with the question of harmonising examination requirements for safety advisers working in the fields of transport of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterways.
I congratulate him on his excellent report.
The Paddington train crash in London, the terrible rail accident in Norway, the two plane crashes involving EU citizens and the Erika natural disaster off the coast of Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that road safety can never be taken for granted and that those responsible for protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly skilled.
The rapporteur has drawn the attention of the House to the fact that in its common position the Council accepted six of the ten amendments proposed by Parliament at first reading and that the remaining amendments of Parliament were accepted in substance.
My group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the adoption of the legislation, which will give us another tool in our fight to maximise transport safety in the European Union.
As far as safety is concerned, my group will always support all initiatives to improve road safety.
As recent events have shown, we still have a lot to do in this area.
Madam President, I would like to make a few comments.
I would first like to thank the rapporteur for his extraordinarily careful and technically sound work on the report and then the Commission for the proposal it has put forward.
It is about harmonising examination requirements, but also about minimum requirements. That is a pity in a way.
It goes without saying that safety in road, rail and inland waterway transport is of key importance and, given the international nature of these modes of transport, the training of safety advisors should also be harmonised, as should, for example, the requirements of the new ADR, which is currently being drafted.
That is important, but so is enforcement, and there are of course a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to that.
Just think of the traffic accidents that have occurred in recent years, e.g. in Belgium, the Netherlands and a number of other countries, where lorries carrying dangerous goods continued to drive in fog when they should have pulled off the road.
Or ships from Eastern Europe moored near ships here, with all the obvious risks that entails.
In addition, investigations in the ports in Belgium, Finland, but also in Japan have shown that 50 er containers with partly dangerous cargo are not properly brought to shipping.
In short, this is an important issue.
As far as safety advisors are concerned, in a number of countries the employment of safety advisors in companies has been compulsory since 1 January this year.
There will currently be major problems in enforcing this rule, especially for smaller companies, as they cannot afford security consultants.
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo, which causes problems.
It is therefore also requested that ISO 9002 certificates may contain more detailed information on these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses.
The work is done. Now it's just a matter of enforcement.
I would like to mention one last point.
As far as enforcement is concerned, appropriate agreements must also be made with the Eastern European countries, as these countries will not conclude treaties dealing with this issue until 1 July 2001, i.e. in one and a half years' time.
This gives them a competitive advantage in the transition period.
There is nothing wrong with that in itself, but we should particularly focus on the safety aspects for the transport of goods by road, rail and inland waterways and include these as part of the acquis communautaire as soon as possible and present them to the accession states.
Madam President, the importance of road safety is regularly and rightly highlighted in this Parliament.
The ever-growing movement of goods in Europe poses all kinds of known and unknown risks for workers and the social environment.
Those who have to deal with these risks should therefore meet strict requirements.
The relevant standards laid down in another Directive, Directive 95/35/EC, seem to be sufficient to advise people in a responsible way on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods.
I am very glad that minimum standards for examinations have also been agreed with the Council, although I would have preferred to see uniform, fixed standards and modules so that the certificates are internationally equivalent.
However, this does not seem to be feasible.
Finally, the rapporteur's amendment is perfectly logical and I can therefore fully support it.
Mr President, Commissioner, first of all I would like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports, which are of a technical nature, but nevertheless of very great importance for safety.
I would just like to make a few comments.
First of all, I would like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety, whether on the roads, on the waterways or at sea.
Considering that we are only today dealing with a Commission proposal which was presented on 19 March 1998, although Parliament reacted relatively quickly, this period of time is a little too long.
This is not only the fault of the Commission, but I believe that we must act more quickly to achieve harmonisation in this area as well.
My second point has already been mentioned: it concerns the minimum standards.
Basically, I think that in many cases where transport is involved, we should work towards more flexibility and country-specific regulations.
As far as security is concerned, however, I am rather sceptical, because security in Sweden, for example, is in principle no different from that in Germany, Italy or Austria.
I can live with these minimum standards, but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very closely.
If such flexibility leads to insufficient rules in some countries, we should work towards greater harmonisation.