The Oxford Companion to Philosophy says, "there is no single defining position that all anarchists hold, and those considered anarchists at best share a certain family resemblance."
In the end, for anarchist historian Daniel Guerin "Some anarchists are more individualistic than social, some more social than individualistic.
From this climate William Godwin developed what many consider the first expression of modern anarchist thought.
Godwin was, according to Peter Kropotkin, "the first to formulate the political and economical conceptions of anarchism, even though he did not give that name to the ideas developed in his work", while Godwin attached his anarchist ideas to an early Edmund Burke.
Its classical period, which scholars demarcate as from 1860 to 1939, is associated with the working-class movements of the nineteenth century and the Spanish Civil War-era struggles against fascism.
Due to its links to active workers' movements, the International became a significant organization.
Karl Marx became a leading figure in the International and a member of its General Council.
Proudhon 's followers, the mutualists, opposed Marx 's state socialism, advocating political abstentionism and small property holdings.
They allied themselves with the federalist socialist sections of the International, who advocated the revolutionary overthrow of the state and the collectivization of property.
Subsequently, the International became polarised into two camps, with Marx and Bakunin as their respective figureheads.
In response, unions across America prepared a general strike in support of the event.
The incident became known as the Haymarket affair, and was a setback for the labour movement and the struggle for the eight hour day.
The event also had the secondary purpose of memorializing workers killed as a result of the Haymarket affair.
Malatesta warned that the syndicalists aims were in perpetuating syndicalism itself, whereas anarchists must always have anarchy as their end and consequently refrain from committing to any particular method of achieving it.
The most successful was the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (National Confederation of Labour: CNT), founded in 1910.
CGT membership was estimated to be around 100,000 for the year 2003.
Other active syndicalist movements include the US Workers Solidarity Alliance and the UK Solidarity Federation.
Some anarchists, such as Johann Most, advocated publicizing violent acts of retaliation against counter-revolutionaries because "we preach not only action in and for itself, but also action as propaganda."
The anarcho-syndicalist, Fernand Pelloutier, argued in 1895 for renewed anarchist involvement in the labor movement on the basis that anarchism could do very well without "the individual dynamiter."
For example, U.S. President McKinley 's assassin Leon Czolgosz claimed to have been influenced by anarchist and feminist Emma Goldman.
This was in spite of Goldman 's disavowal of any association with him, his registered membership in the Republican Party, and never having belonged to an anarchist organization.
Propaganda of the deed was abandoned by the vast majority of the anarchist movement after World War I (1914 -- 18) and the 1917 October Revolution.
Important factors towards this include state repression, the level of organization of the labour movement, and the influence of the October Revolution [citation needed].
Anarchists participated alongside the Bolsheviks in both February and October revolutions, and were initially enthusiastic about the Bolshevik coup.
However, the Bolsheviks soon turned against the anarchists and other left-wing opposition, a conflict that culminated in the 1921 Kronstadt rebellion which the new government repressed.
Both wrote accounts of their experiences in Russia, criticizing the amount of control the Bolsheviks exercised.
The victory of the Bolsheviks in the October Revolution and the resulting Russian Civil War did serious damage to anarchist movements internationally.
Italian anarchists played a key role in the anti-fascist organisation Arditi del Popolo, which was strongest in areas with anarchist traditions, and achieved some success in their activism, such as repelling Blackshirts in the anarchist stronghold of Parma in August 1922.
But in 1936, the CNT changed its policy and anarchist votes helped bring the popular front back to power.
Months later, the former ruling class responded with an attempted coup causing the Spanish Civil War (1936 -- 1939).
Stalinist-led troops suppressed the collectives and persecuted both dissident Marxists and anarchists.
In the U.K. this was associated with the punk rock movement, as exemplified by bands such as Crass and the Sex Pistols.
Anarchist anthropologist David Graeber and anarchist historian Andrej Grubacic have posited a rupture between generations of anarchism, with those "who often still have not shaken the sectarian habits" of the nineteenth century contrasted with the younger activists who are "much more informed, among other elements, by indigenous, feminist, ecological and cultural-critical ideas", and who by the turn of the 21st century formed "by far the majority" of anarchists.
Anarchists became known for their involvement in protests against the meetings of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Group of Eight, and the World Economic Forum.
A landmark struggle of this period was the confrontations at WTO conference in Seattle in 1999.
One reaction against sectarianism within the anarchist milieu was "anarchism without adjectives", a call for toleration first adopted by Fernando Tarrida del Mármol in 1889 in response to the "bitter debates" of anarchist theory at the time.
Proudhon proposed spontaneous order, whereby organization emerges without central authority, a "positive anarchy" where order arises when everybody does "what he wishes and only what he wishes" and where "business transactions alone produce the social order."
According to William Batchelder Greene, each worker in the mutualist system would receive "just and exact pay for his work; services equivalent in cost being exchangeable for services equivalent in cost, without profit or discount."
Proudhon first characterised his goal as a "third form of society, the synthesis of communism and property."
Godwin, a philosophical anarchist, from a rationalist and utilitarian basis opposed revolutionary action and saw a minimal state as a present "necessary evil" that would become increasingly irrelevant and powerless by the gradual spread of knowledge.
Godwin advocated extreme individualism, proposing that all cooperation in labour be eliminated on the premise that this would be most conducive with the general good.
Godwin was a utilitarian who believed that all individuals are not of equal value, with some of us "of more worth and importance" than others depending on our utility in bringing about social good.
Godwin opposed government because he saw it as infringing on the individual 's right to "private judgement" to determine which actions most maximise utility, but also makes a critique of all authority over the individual 's judgement.
This aspect of Godwin 's philosophy, stripped of utilitarian motivations, was developed into a more extreme form later by Stirner.
The most extreme form of individualist anarchism, called "egoism," or egoist anarchism, was expounded by one of the earliest and best-known proponents of individualist anarchism, Max Stirner.
Stirner 's The Ego and Its Own, published in 1844, is a founding text of the philosophy.
To Stirner, rights were spooks in the mind, and he held that society does not exist but "the individuals are its reality".
Stirner 's philosophy has been seen as a precedent of existentialism with other thinkers like Friedrich Nietzsche and Søren Kierkegaard.
Collectivist anarchism, also referred to as "revolutionary socialism" or a form of such, is a revolutionary form of anarchism, commonly associated with Mikhail Bakunin and Johann Most.
It was inspired by the late 19th century writings of early feminist anarchists such as Lucy Parsons, Emma Goldman, Voltairine de Cleyre, and Dora Marsden.
It developed "mostly in Holland, Britain, and the U.S., before and during the Second World War".
Another recent form of anarchism critical of formal anarchist movements is insurrectionary anarchism, which advocates informal organization and active resistance to the state; its proponents include Wolfi Landstreicher and Alfredo M. Bonanno.
Free love advocates sometimes traced their roots back to Josiah Warren and to experimental communities, viewed sexual freedom as a clear, direct expression of an individual 's self-ownership.
In New York 's Greenwich Village, bohemian feminists and socialists advocated self-realisation and pleasure for women (and also men) in the here and now.
They encouraged playing with sexual roles and sexuality, and the openly bisexual radical Edna St. Vincent Millay and the lesbian anarchist Margaret Anderson were prominent among them.
Thus it came about that she was the first and only woman, indeed the first and only American, to take up the defense of homosexual love before the general public. "
Max Stirner wrote in 1842 a long essay on education called The False Principle of our Education.
In it Stirner names his educational principle "personalist," explaining that self-understanding consists in hourly self-creation.
Perhaps the best-known effort in this field was Francisco Ferrer 's Modern School (Escuela Moderna), a project which exercised a considerable influence on Catalan education and on experimental techniques of teaching generally. "
The first of these was started in New York City in 1911.
Summerhill is often cited as an example of anarchism in practice.
The term deschooling was popularized by Ivan Illich, who argued that the school as an institution is dysfunctional for self-determined learning and serves the creation of a consumer society instead.
According to Luther 's notetaker Mathesius, Luther thought the boy was a soulless mass of flesh possessed by the devil, and suggested that he be suffocated.
Almost all the characteristics described in Kanner 's first paper on the subject, notably "autistic aloneness" and "insistence on sameness", are still regarded as typical of the autistic spectrum of disorders.
Kanner 's reuse of autism led to decades of confused terminology like infantile schizophrenia, and child psychiatry 's focus on maternal deprivation led to misconceptions of autism as an infant 's response to "refrigerator mothers".
The Internet has helped autistic individuals bypass nonverbal cues and emotional sharing that they find so hard to deal with, and has given them a way to form online communities and work remotely.
Another notable high albedo body is Eris, with an albedo of 0.86.
Studies by the Hadley Centre have investigated the relative (generally warming) effect of albedo change and (cooling) effect of carbon sequestration on planting forests.
Over Antarctica they average a little more than 0.8.
The numeric character references in HTML and XML are "& # 65;" and "& # 97;" for upper and lower case, respectively.
Alabama (i i i/l ə ˈ b æ m ə/) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States of America.
It is bordered by Tenn. to the north, Georgia to the east, Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south, and Mississippi to the west.
Alabama ranks 30th in total land area and ranks second in the size of its inland waterways.
Following World War II, Alabama experienced growth as the economy of the state transitioned from agriculture to diversified interests in heavy manufacturing, mineral extraction, education, and technology.
In addition, the establishment or expansion of multiple military installations, primarily those of the U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force, added to state jobs.
The capital of Ala. is Montgomery.
The largest city by population is Birmingham.
The largest city by total land area is Huntsville.
Although the origin of Ala. could be discerned, sources disagree on its meaning.
This notion was popularized in the 1850s through the writings of Alexander Beaufort Meek.
Scholars believe the word comes from the Choctaw alba (meaning "plants" or "weeds") and amo (meaning "to cut", "to trim", or "to gather").
Ala. was part of the new frontier in the 1820s and 1830s.
The economy of the central "Black Belt" was built around large cotton plantations whose owners built their wealth on slave labor.
While few battles were fought in the state, Alabama contributed about 120,000 soldiers to the American Civil War.
After the Civil War, the state was still chiefly agricultural, with an economy tied to cotton.
In 1900, fourteen Black Belt counties had more than 79,000 voters on the rolls.
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 also protected the suffrage of poor whites.
The population growth rate in Ala. dropped by nearly half from 1910 -- 1920, reflecting the effect of emigration.
At the same time, many rural whites and blacks migrated to the city of Birmingham for work in new industrial jobs.
It experienced such rapid growth that it was nicknamed "The Magic City".
By the 1920s, Birmingham was the 19th largest city in the U.S. and held more than 30% of the population of the state.
In addition, the state legislature gerrymandered the few Birmingham legislative seats to ensure election by persons living outside Birmingham.
One result was that Jefferson County, containing Birmingham 's industrial and economic powerhouse, contributed more than one-third of all tax revenue to the state, but did not received a proportional amount in services.
A 1960 study noted that because of rural domination, "A minority of about 25 per cent of the total state population is in majority control of the Alabama legislature."
These factors created a longstanding tradition that any candidate who wanted to be viable with white voters had to run as a Democrat regardless of political beliefs.
Industrial development related to the demands of World War II brought prosperity.
In the 1960s under Governor George Wallace, many whites in the state opposed integration efforts.
After 1972, the state 's white voters shifted much of their support to Republican candidates in presidential elections (as also occurred in neighboring southern states).
Since 1990 the majority of whites in the state have voted increasingly Republican in state elections.
Democrats are still the majority party in both houses of the legislature.
About three-fifths of the land area is a gentle plain with a general descent towards the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico.
The North Alabama region is mostly mountainous, with the Tennessee River cutting a large valley creating numerous creeks, streams, rivers, mountains, and lakes.
The states bordering Alabama are Tenn. to the north; Georgia to the east; Florida to the south; and Mississippi to the west.
Alabama has coastline at the Gulf of Mexico, in the extreme southern edge of the state.
Alabama ranges in elevation from sea level at Mobile Bay to over 1,800 feet (550 m) in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast.
The highest point is Mount Cheaha, at a height of 2407 ft (734 m).
Ala. 's land consists of 22 million acres (89000 km 2) of forest or 67% of total land area.
Areas in Alabama administered by the National Park Service include Horseshoe Bend National Military Park near Alexander City; Little River Canyon National Preserve near Fort Payne; Russell Cave National Monument in Bridgeport; Tuskegee Airmen National Historic Site in Tuskegee; and Tuskegee Institute National Historic Site near Tuskegee.
A notable natural wonder in Alabama is "Natural Bridge" rock, the longest natural bridge east of the Rockies, located just south of Haleyville, in Winston County.
A 5-mile (8 km) -wide meteorite impact crater is located in Elmore County, just north of Montgomery.
This is the Wetumpka crater, which is the site of "Alabama 's greatest natural disaster".
The hills just east of downtown Wetumpka showcase the eroded remains of the impact crater that was blasted into the bedrock, with the area labeled the Wetumpka crater or astrobleme ("star-wound") because of the concentric rings of fractures and zones of shattered rock that can be found beneath the surface.
Temperatures tend to be warmer in the southern part of the state with its proximity to the Gulf of Mexico, while the northern parts of the state, especially in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast, tend to be slightly cooler.
Generally, Alabama has very hot summers and mild winters with copious precipitation throughout the year.
Alabama receives an average of 56 inches (1400 mm) of rainfall annually and enjoys a lengthy growing season of up to 300 days in the southern part of the state.
Ala. is also prone to tropical storms and even hurricanes.
Areas of the state far away from the Gulf are not immune to the effects of the storms, which often dump tremendous amounts of rain as they move inland and weaken.
Alabama ranks seventh in the number of deaths from lightning and ninth in the number of deaths from lightning strikes per capita.
The Super Outbreak in March 1974, badly affected Ala..
The northern part of the state -- along the Tennessee Valley -- is one of the areas in the US most vulnerable to violent tornadoes.
Ala. is one of the few places in the world that has a secondary tornado season (November and December) along with the spring severe weather season.
Although snow is a rare event in much of Alabama, areas of the state north of Montgomery may receive a dusting of snow a few times every winter, with an occasional moderately heavy snowfall every few years.
For example, the annual average snowfall for the Birmingham area is 2 inches per year.
In the southern Gulf coast, snowfall is less frequent, sometimes going several years without any snowfall.
The United States Census Bureau, as of July 1, 2008, estimated Alabama 's population at 4,661,900, which represents an increase of 214,545, or 4.8%, since the last census in 2000.
Immigration from outside the U.S. resulted in a net increase of 31,180 people, and migration within the country produced a net gain of 73,811 people.
Working with Auburn University, the tribe has begun a revival of the Cherokee language.
The Mobile area is notable for its large percentage of Catholics, owing to the area 's founding as part of the French colony of La Louisiane and later history under Spanish rule.
The Southern Baptist Convention has the highest number of adherents in Alabama with 1,380,121, followed by the United Methodist Church with 327,734 members, and the Catholic Church with 150,647 adherents.
According to the United States Bureau of Economic Analysis, the 2008 total gross state product was $ 170 billion, or $ 29,411 per capita.
Alabama 's agricultural outputs include poultry and eggs, cattle, plant nursery items, peanuts, cotton, grains such as corn and sorghum, vegetables, milk, soybeans, and peaches.
Alabama 's industrial outputs include iron and steel products (including cast-iron and steel pipe); paper, lumber, and wood products; mining (mostly coal); plastic products; cars and trucks; and apparel.
Ala. is part of the largest industrial growth corridor in the nation.
Alabama currently ranks 4th in the nation in automobile output.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Birmingham 's economy was transformed by the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) 's investments in bio-technology and medical research.
UAB is now the area 's largest employer and the largest in Ala., with a workforce of about 20,000.
Birmingham is also a leading U.S. banking center and the headquarters of Regions Financial Corporation, BBVA Compass and Superior Bancorp.
In November 2006, Regions Financial completed its merger with AmSouth Bancorporation, which was also headquartered in Birmingham.
SouthTrust Corporation, another large bank headquartered in Birmingham, was acquired by Wachovia in 2004 for $ 14.3 billion.
The city still has major operations for Wachovia and its now post-operating bank Wells Fargo, which includes a regional headquarters, a operations center campus and a $ 400 million dollar data center.
Birmingham also serves as the headquarters for several large investment management companies, including Harbert Management Corporation.
Major insurance providers include Protective Life, Infinity Property & Casualty, Liberty National Life Insurance Company and ProAssurance.
Torchmark Corporation was headquartered in the city until 2006, and still maintains its largest operation in the city.
Birmingham is also a powerhouse of construction and engineering companies.
Huntsville has a technology-driven economy, a result of NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center and the Redstone Arsenal.
Huntsville 's main economic influence is derived from aerospace and military technology.
Sanmina-SCI has a large presence in the area.
Alabama levies a 2, 4, or 5 percent personal income tax, depending upon the amount earned and filing status, though taxpayers can deduct their federal income tax from their Alabama state tax.
For example, the total sales tax rate in Mobile is 9% and there is an additional restaurant tax of 1%, which means that a diner in Mobile would pay a 10% tax on a meal.
Sales and excise taxes in Alabama account for 51 percent of all state and local revenue, compared with an average of about 36 percent nationwide.
Ala. is also one of the few remaining states that levies a tax on food and medicine.
Ala. 's income tax on poor working families is among the nation 's very highest.
[citation needed] Ala. is the only state that levies income tax on a family of four with income as low as $ 4,600, which is barely one-quarter of the federal poverty line.
[citation needed] Ala. 's threshold is the lowest among the 41 states and the District of Columbia with income taxes.
The overall federal, state, and local tax burden in Ala. ranks the state as the second least tax-burdened state in the country.
Since Alabama 's tax structure largely depends on consumer spending, it is subject to high variable budget structure.
For example, in 2003 Alabama had an annual budget deficit as high as $ 670 million.
Another interstate road, I-22, is currently under construction.
When completed around 2012 it will connect Birmingham with Memphis, Tennessee.
Major airports in Alabama include Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport (BHM), Huntsville International Airport (HSV), Dothan Regional Airport (DHN), Mobile Regional Airport (MOB), Montgomery Regional Airport, Muscle Shoals -- Northwest Alabama Regional Airport, Tuscaloosa Regional Airport (TCL), and Pryor Field Regional Airport (DCU).
There is a significant movement to rewrite and modernize Alabama 's constitution.
This movement is based upon the fact that Alabama 's constitution highly centralizes power in Montgomery and leaves practically no power in local hands.
Any policy changes proposed around the state must be approved by the entire Alabama legislature and, frequently, by state referendum.
Alabama is divided into three equal branches: The legislative branch is the Alabama Legislature, a bicameral assembly composed of the Alabama House of Representatives, with 105 members, and the Alabama Senate, with 35 members.
It is headed by the Governor of Alabama.
The highest court is the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Alabama has 67 counties.
Alabama is an alcoholic beverage control state; the government holds a monopoly on the sale of alcohol.
The current governor of the state is Republican Bob Riley.
The lieutenant governor is Jim Folsom Jr.
The Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court is Democrat Sue Bell Cobb.
The Democratic Party currently holds a large majority in both houses of the Legislature.
The voters of the state revolted at what they perceived as disenfranchisement of their right to vote and elected the Republican challenger Guy Hunt as Governor.
Since then, Republicans have become increasingly competitive in Alabama politics.
Republicans hold an 8 -- 1 majority on the Alabama Supreme Court and have a 5 -- 2 majority among statewide elected executive branch offices.
A majority of local offices in the state are still held by Democrats.
Alabama state politics gained nationwide and international attention in the 1950s and 1960s during the American Civil Rights Movement, when majority whites bureaucratically, and at times, violently resisted protests for electoral and social reform.
George Wallace, the state 's governor, remains a notorious and controversial figure.
In 2007, the Alabama Legislature passed, and the Governor signed, a resolution expressing "profound regret" over slavery and its lingering impact.
In 2004, George W. Bush won Alabama 's nine electoral votes by a margin of 25 percentage points with 62.5% of the vote, mostly white voters.
Public primary and secondary education in Alabama is under the overview of the Alabama State Board of Education as well as local oversight by 67 county school boards and 60 city boards of education.
While Ala. 's public education system has improved, it lags behind in achievement compared to other states.
Alabama 's programs of higher education include 14 four-year public universities, two-year community colleges, and 17 private, undergraduate and graduate universities.
In the state are two medical schools (University of Alabama at Birmingham and University of South Alabama), two veterinary colleges (Auburn University and Tuskegee University), a dental school (University of Alabama at Birmingham), an optometry college (University of Alabama at Birmingham), two pharmacy schools (Auburn University and Samford University), and five law schools (University of Alabama School of Law, Birmingham School of Law, Cumberland School of Law, Miles Law School, and the Thomas Goode Jones School of Law).
Achilles also has the attributes of being the most handsome of the heroes assembled against Troy.
Later legends state that Achilles was invulnerable in all of his body except for his heel.
Zeus and Poseidon had been rivals for the hand of Thetis until Prometheus, the fire-bringer, warned Zeus of a prophecy that Thetis would bear a son greater than his father.
For this reason, the two gods withdrew their pursuit, and had her wed Peleus.
As with most mythology there is a tale which offers an alternative version of these events: in Argonautica (iv.760) Hera alludes to Thetis 's chaste resistance to the advances of Zeus, that Thetis was so loyal to Hera 's marriage bond that she coolly rejected him.
In another version of this story, Thetis anointed the boy in ambrosia and put him on top of a fire to burn away the mortal parts of his body.
She was interrupted by Peleus and abandoned both father and son in a rage.
However none of the sources before Statius makes any reference to this general invulnerability.
The first two lines of the Iliad read:
The humanization of Achilles by the events of the war is an important theme of the narrative.
In the resulting battle, Achilles gave Telephus a wound that would not heal; Telephus consulted an oracle, who stated that "he that wounded shall heal".
Achilles refused, claiming to have no medical knowledge.
Odysseus reasoned that the spear had inflicted the wound; therefore, the spear must be able to heal it.
Pieces of the spear were scraped off onto the wound and Telephus was healed.
Despite his youth, he was one of the main Trojan war leaders.
Yet Achilles, struck by the beauty of both Troilus and his sister Polyxena, and overcome with lust directed his sexual attentions on the youth -- who refusing to yield found instead himself decapitated upon an altar-omphalos of Apollo.
Later versions of the story suggested Troilus was accidentally killed by Achilles in an over-ardent lovers' embrace.
Ancient writers treated Troilus as the epitome of a dead child mourned by his parents.
Agamemnon had taken a woman named Chryseis as his slave.
Her father Chryses, a priest of Apollo, begged Agamemnon to return her to him.
The prophet Calchas correctly determined the source of the troubles but would not speak unless Achilles vowed to protect him.
Achilles did so and Calchas declared Chryseis must be returned to her father.
Agamemnon agreed and sent Odysseus and two other chieftains, Ajax and Phoenix, to Achilles with the offer of the return of Briseis and other gifts.
After receiving the news of the death of Patroclus from Antilochus, the son of Nestor, Achilles grieved over his cousin 's death and held many funeral games in his honor.
His mother Thetis came to comfort the distraught Achilles.
She persuaded Hephaestus to make new armor for him, in place of the armor that Patroclus had been wearing which was taken by Hector.
Enraged over the death of Patroclus, Achilles ended his refusal to fight and took the field killing many men in his rage but always seeking out Hector.
Achilles even engaged in battle with the river god Scamander who became angry that Achilles was choking his waters with all the men he killed.
The god tried to drown Achilles but was stopped by Hera and Hephaestus.
Finally Achilles found his prey.
After Hector realized the trick, he knew the battle was inevitable.
Wanting to go down fighting, he charged at Achilles with his only weapon, his sword, but missed.
Achilles told Hector it was hopeless to expect that of him, declaring that "my rage, my fury would drive me now to hack your flesh away and eat you raw -- such agonies you have caused me".
Achilles, after his temporary truce with Priam, fought and killed the Amazonian warrior queen Penthesilea, but later grieved over her death.
The Aethiopis is now lost, except for scattered fragments quoted by later authors.
As predicted by Hector with his dying breath, Achilles was thereafter killed by Paris with an arrow (to the heel according to Statius).
In some versions, the god Apollo guided Paris' arrow.
Both versions conspicuously deny the killer any sort of valor owing to the common conception that Paris was a coward and not the man his brother Hector was, and Achilles remained undefeated on the battlefield.
His bones were mingled with those of Patroclus, and funeral games were held.
Priam is willing because it would mean the end of the war and an alliance with the world 's greatest warrior.
But while Priam is overseeing the private marriage of Polyxena and Achilles, Paris who would have to give up Helen if Achilles married his sister hides in the bushes and shoots Achilles with a divine arrow killing him.
Achilles was cremated and his ashes buried in the same urn as those of Patroclus.
Paris was later killed by Philoctetes using the enormous bow of Heracles.
Furious, Ajax cursed Odysseus, which earned the ire of Athena.
Athena temporarily made Ajax so mad with grief and anguish that he began killing sheep, thinking they are his comrades.
After a while, when Athena lifted his madness and Ajax realized that he had actually been killing sheep, he was so embarrassed that he committed suicide.
Odysseus eventually gave the armor to Neoptolemus, the son of Achilles.
The city was visited in 333 BC by Alexander the Great, who envisioned himself as the new Achilles and carried the Iliad with him, but his court biographers do not mention the spear, which he would indeed have touched with excitement.
In the Iliad, they appeared to be generally portrayed as a model of deep and loyal friendship.
Pausanias has been told that the island is "covered with forests and full of animals, some wild, some tame.
This island is not inhabited, and goats graze on it, not many, which the people who happen to arrive here with their ships, sacrifice to Achilles.
In this temple are also deposited a great many holy gifts, craters, rings and precious stones, offered to Achilles in gratitude.
Some of these are worded in Patroclus' honor, because those who wish to be favored by Achilles, honor Patroclus at the same time.
To some of the people who come to this island, Achilles appears in dreams, to others he would appear even during their navigation, if they were not too far away, and would instruct them as to which part of the island they would better anchor their ships ".
The heroic cult of Achilles on Leuce island was widespread in antiquity, not only along the sea lanes of the Pontic Sea but also in maritime cities whose economic interests were tightly connected to the riches of the Black Sea.
Leuce had also a reputation as a place of healing.
Ammianus Marcellinus attributes the healing to waters (aquae) on the island.
This elegant structure abounds with paintings and statues of Achilles both in the main hall and in the lavish gardens depicting the heroic and tragic scenes of the Trojan war.
Some post-Homeric sources claim that in order to keep Achilles safe from the war, Thetis (or, in some versions, Peleus) hides the young man at the court of Lycomedes, king of Skyros.
With Lycomedes' daughter Deidamia, whom in the account of Statius he rapes, Achilles there fathers a son, Neoptolemus.
Odysseus goes to Skyros in the guise of a peddler selling women 's clothes and jewelry and places a shield and spear among his goods.
In another version of the story, Odysseus arranges for a trumpet alarm to be sounded while he was with Lycomedes' women; while the women flee in panic, Achilles prepares to defend the court, thus giving his identity away.
In book 11 of Homer 's Odyssey, Odysseus sails to the underworld and converses with the shades.
One of these is Achilles, who when greeted as "blessed in life, blessed in death", responds that he would rather be a slave to the worst of masters than be king of all the dead.
But Achilles then asks Odysseus of his son 's exploits in the Trojan war, and when Odysseus tells of Neoptolemus' heroic actions, Achilles is filled with satisfaction.
This leaves the reader with an ambiguous understanding of how Achilles felt about the heroic life.
The kings of the Epirus claimed to be descended from Achilles through his son, Neoptolemus.
In some versions of the myth, Achilles has a relationship with his captive Briseis.
The tragedies relate the deeds of Achilles during the Trojan War, including his defeat of Hector and eventual death when an arrow shot by Paris and guided by Apollo punctures his heel.
The role of Achilles has been played by:
Achilles has frequently been mentioned in music.
Lincoln had closely supervised the victorious war effort, especially the selection of top generals, including Ulysses S. Grant.
Lincoln successfully defused the Trent affair, a war scare with Britain late in 1861.
Copperheads and other opponents of the war criticized Lincoln for refusing to compromise on the slavery issue.
Even with these opponents, Lincoln successfully rallied public opinion through his rhetoric and speeches; his Gettysburg Address (1863) became an iconic symbol of the nation 's duty.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, to Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Lincoln (née Hanks), two farmers, in a one-room log cabin on the 348-acre (1.4 km 2) Sinking Spring Farm in southeast Hardin County, Kentucky (now part of LaRue County), making him the first president born in the west.
Lincoln was not given a middle name.
Thomas Lincoln was a respected citizen of rural Kentucky.
He owned several farms, including the Sinking Spring Farm, although he was not wealthy.
Abraham himself never joined their church, or any other church.
Lincoln later noted that this move was "partly on account of slavery," and partly because of difficulties with land deeds in Kentucky.
Abraham 's father disapproved of slavery on religious grounds and it was hard to compete economically with farms operated by slaves.
Unlike land in the Northwest Territory, Kentucky never had a proper U.S. survey, and farmers often had difficulties proving title to their property.
When Lincoln was nine, his mother, then 34 years old, died of milk sickness.
Soon afterwards, his father remarried, to Sarah Bush Johnston.
Lincoln and his stepmother were close; he called her "Mother" for the rest of his life, but he became increasingly distant from his father.
Abraham felt his father was not a success, and did not want to be like him.
In 1830, fearing a milk sickness outbreak, the family settled on public land in Macon County, Ill..
Later that year, hired by New Salem businessman Denton Offutt and accompanied by friends, he took goods from New Salem to New Orleans via flatboat on the Sangamon, Illinois and Mississippi rivers.
Lincoln 's formal education consisted of about 18 months of schooling; but he was an avid reader and largely self-educated.
Lincoln avoided hunting and fishing because he did not like killing animals, even for food.
Lincoln 's first love was Ann Rutledge.
He met her when he first moved to New Salem, and by 1835 they had reached a romantic understanding.
Rutledge, however, died on August 25, probably of typhoid fever.
In 1840, Lincoln became engaged to Mary Todd, from a wealthy slaveholding family based in Lexington, Kentucky.
The Lincolns soon had a budding family, with the birth of son Robert Todd Lincoln in Springfield, Ill. on August 1, 1843, and second son Edward Baker Lincoln on March 10, 1846, also in Springfield.
According to a house girl, Abraham "was remarkably fond of children."
The Lincolns did not believe in strict rules and tight boundaries when it came to their children.
Robert, however, would be the only one of the Lincolns' children to survive into adulthood.
Edward Lincoln died on February 1, 1850 in Springfield, likely of tuberculosis.
The Lincolns' grief over this loss was somewhat assuaged by the birth of William "Willie" Wallace Lincoln nearly eleven months later, on December 21.
The Lincolns' fourth son Thomas "Tad" Lincoln was born on April 4, 1853, and, although he outlived his father, died at the age of eighteen on July 16, 1871 in Chicago.
Robert Lincoln eventually went on to attend Phillips Exeter Academy and Harvard College.
His (and by extension, his father 's) last known lineal descendant, Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith, died December 24, 1985.
Later in life, Mary Todd Lincoln found herself unable to cope with the stresses of losing her husband and sons, and this (in conjunction with what some historians consider to have been pre-existing bipolar disorder) eventually led Robert Lincoln to involuntarily commit her to a mental health asylum in 1875.
Abraham Lincoln himself was contemporaneously described as suffering from "melancholy" throughout his legal and political life, a condition which modern mental health professionals would now typically characterize as clinical depression.
Lincoln began his political career in March 1832 at age 23 when he announced his candidacy for the Illinois General Assembly.
He was esteemed by the residents of New Salem, but he did not have an education, powerful friends, or money.
The centerpiece of his platform was the undertaking of navigational improvements on the Sangamon River.
Before the election he served as a captain in a company of the Illinois militia during the Black Hawk War, although he never saw combat.
Lincoln returned from the militia after a few months and was able to campaign throughout the county before the August 6 election.
When the votes were counted, Lincoln finished eighth out of thirteen candidates (only the top four were elected), but he did manage to secure 277 out of the 300 votes cast in the New Salem precinct.
He was labeled a Whig, but ran a bipartisan campaign.
He then decided to become a lawyer, and began teaching himself law by reading Commentaries on the Laws of England.
Admitted to the bar in 1837, he moved to Springfield, Ill., that April, and began to practice law with John T. Stuart, Mary Todd 's cousin, who let Lincoln have the run of his law library while studying to be a lawyer.
With a reputation as a formidable adversary during cross-examinations and closing arguments, Lincoln became an able and successful lawyer.
In 1841, Lincoln entered law practice with William Herndon, whom Lincoln thought "a studious young man."
He served four successive terms in the Illinois House of Representatives as a representative from Sangamon County, affiliated with the Whig party.
Lincoln was a Whig, and since the early 1830s had strongly admired the policies and leadership of Henry Clay.
"I have always been an old-line Henry Clay Whig" he professed to friends in 1861.
He used his office as an opportunity to speak out against the Mexican -- American War, which he attributed to President Polk 's desire for "military glory -- that attractive rainbow, that rises in showers of blood."
Congress never enacted the resolution or even debated it, and its introduction resulted in a loss of political support for Lincoln in his district; one Illinois newspaper derisively nicknamed him "spotty Lincoln."
Back in Springfield, Lincoln turned most of his energies to making a living practicing law, handling "every kind of business that could come before a prairie lawyer."
His reputation grew, and he appeared before the Supreme Court of the United States, arguing a case involving a canal boat that sank after hitting a bridge.
Lincoln represented numerous transportation interests, such as the river barges and the railroads.
As a riverboat man, Lincoln had initially favored riverboat interests, but ultimately he represented whoever hired him.
Lincoln 's goal had been to lessen the draft of a river craft by pushing horizontal floats into the water alongside the hull.
The idea was never commercialized, but Lincoln is still the only person to hold a patent and serve as President of the United States.
Lincoln appeared in front of the Illinois Supreme Court 175 times, 51 times as sole counsel, of which, 31 were decided in his favor.
The case is famous for Lincoln 's use of judicial notice to show an eyewitness had lied on the stand.
After the witness testified to having seen the crime in the moonlight, Lincoln produced a Farmers' Almanac to show that the moon on that date was at such a low angle it could not have produced enough illumination to see anything clearly.
Based on this evidence, Armstrong was acquitted.
Lincoln returned to politics in response to the Kansas-Nebraska Act (1854), which expressly repealed the limits on slavery 's extent as established by the Missouri Compromise (1820).
On October 16, 1854, "Peoria Speech," Lincoln outlined his position on slavery that he would repeat over the next six years on the route to the presidency.
According to a newspaper account of the speech, Lincoln spoke with "a thin high-pitched falsetto voice of much carrying power, that could be heard a long distance in spite of the hustle and bustle of the crowd ... [with] the accent and pronunciation peculiar to his native state, Kentucky."
The Whigs had been irreparably split by the Kansas-Nebraska Act.
"I think I am a Whig, but others say there are not Whigs, and I am an abolitionist, even though I do no more than oppose the expansion of slavery" he said.
At the Republican convention in 1856, Lincoln placed second in the contest to become the party 's candidate for Vice-President.
' (Mark 3:25) I believe this government can not endure permanently half slave and half free.
The speech created an evocative image of the danger of disunion caused by the slavery debate, and rallied Republicans across the north.
The 1858 campaign featured the Lincoln -- Douglas debates, generally considered the most famous political debate in American history.
Nevertheless, Lincoln 's definition of the issues gave him a national political reputation.
In one of the most important speeches of his career, Lincoln showed that he was a contender for the Republican 's presidential nomination.
At this convention, Lincoln received his first endorsement to run for the presidency.
On May 18, at the 1860 Republican National Convention in Chicago, Lincoln emerged as the Republican candidate on the third ballot, beating candidates such as William H. Seward and Salmon P. Chase.
Why Lincoln won the nomination has been subject of much debate.
His expressed views on slavery were seen as more moderate than those of rivals Seward and Chase.
Some feel that Seward lost more than Lincoln won, including Seward himself.
Others attribute it to luck, and the fact that the convention was held in Lincoln 's home state.
Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin believes the real reason was Lincoln 's skill as a politician.
Throughout the 1850s Lincoln denied that there would ever be a civil war, and his supporters repeatedly rejected claims that his election would incite secession.
As Douglas stumped the country, Lincoln was the only one of the four major candidates to give no speeches whatever.
There were thousands of Republican speakers who focused first on the party platform, and second on Lincoln 's life story, emphasizing his childhood poverty.
A Chicago Tribune writer produced a pamphlet that detailed Lincoln 's life, and sold one million copies.
It was during this campaign that Lincoln became the first President to have placed his photo on a campaign button.
Lincoln received 1,866,452 votes, Douglas 1,376,957 votes, Breckinridge 849,781 votes, and Bell 588,789 votes.
The electoral vote was decisive: Lincoln had 180 and his opponents added together had only 123.
Abraham Lincoln 's election was a watershed in the balance of power of competing national and parochial interests and affiliations.
The seven states soon declared themselves to be a new nation, the Confederate States of America.
President Buchanan and President-elect Lincoln refused to recognize the Confederacy.
Attempts at compromise, such as the Crittenden Compromise which would have extended the Missouri line of 1820, were discussed.
The Confederate States of America selected Jefferson Davis on February 9, 1861, as their provisional President.
This amendment, which explicitly protected slavery in those states in which it already existed, was considered by Lincoln to be a possible way to stave off secession.
The failure of the Peace Conference of 1861 rendered legislative compromise virtually impossible.
Buchanan might have allowed the southern states to secede, and some members of his cabinet recommended that.
North Carolina, Tenn., and Ark. also voted for secession over the next two months.
Missouri, Kentucky and Md. threatened secession, but neither they nor the slave state of Del. seceded.
George William Brown, the Mayor of Baltimore, and other suspect Maryland politicians were arrested and imprisoned at Fort McHenry.
One, Clement Vallandigham, was exiled, but the remainder were released, usually after two or three months.
Despite his inexperience in military affairs, Lincoln immediately took an active part in determining war strategy.
McClellan, a youthful West Point graduate and railroad executive called back to active military service, took a more cautious approach.
Lincoln insisted on holding some of McClellan 's troops to defend the capital, a decision McClellan blamed for the ultimate failure of the Peninsula Campaign.
Pope complied with Lincoln 's strategic desire to move toward Richmond from the north, thus protecting the capital from attack.
In response to his failure, Pope was sent to Minn. to fight the Sioux.
Burnside was politically neutral, which Lincoln desired, and for the most part supported the President 's aims.
Burnside had promised to follow through on Lincoln 's strategic vision for a strong offensive against Lee and Richmond.
After Burnside was stunningly defeated at Fredericksburg in December, Joseph Hooker took command, despite his history of "loose talk" and criticizing former commanders.
Hooker was routed by Lee at the Battle of Chancellorsville in May, 1863, but continued to command his troops for roughly two months.
Hooker did not agree with Lincoln 's desire to divide his troops, and possibly force Lee to do the same, and tendered his resignation, which was accepted.
During the Gettysburg Campaign he was replaced by George Meade.
In a letter to Andrew Johnson, the military governor of Tennessee, encouraging him to lead the way in raising black troops, Lincoln wrote, "The bare sight of fifty thousand armed, and drilled black soldiers on the banks of the Mississippi would end the rebellion at once."
Responding to criticism of Grant after the 1862 battle of Shiloh, Lincoln reportedly had said, "I ca n't spare this man.
Grant waged his bloody Overland Campaign in 1864.
"I propose to fight it out on this line if it takes all summer," replied Grant.
The Confederacy was out of replacements, so Lee 's army shrank with every battle, forcing it back to trenches outside Petersburg.
In April 1865, Lee 's army finally crumbled under Grant 's pounding, and Richmond fell.
The damage caused by Sherman 's March to the Sea through Georgia totaled more than $ 100 million by the general 's own estimate.
Lincoln grasped the need to control strategic points (such as the Mississippi River and the fortress city of Vicksburg) and understood the importance of defeating the enemy 's army, rather than simply capturing territory.
He had, however, limited success in motivating his commanders to adopt his strategies until late 1863, when he found a man who shared his vision of the war in Ulysses S. Grant.
Two days a week, Lincoln would meet with his cabinet in the afternoon, and occasionally his wife would force him to take a carriage ride because she was concerned he was working too hard.
Throughout the war, Lincoln showed an intense interest in the military campaigns.
He expected to cause the eventual extinction of slavery by stopping its further expansion into any U.S. territory, and by persuading states to accept compensated emancipation if the state would outlaw slavery.
In it, he stated that "as a fit and necessary military measure" on January 1, 1863, "all persons held as a slaves" in the Confederate states will "thenceforward, and forever, be free."
Lincoln later said: "I never, in my life, felt more certain that I was doing right, than I do in signing this paper."
For some time, Lincoln continued earlier plans to set up colonies for the newly freed slaves.
As Frederick Douglass observed, Lincoln was, "The first great man that I talked with in the U.S. freely who in no single instance reminded me of the difference between himself and myself, of the difference of color."
Lincoln 's 1863 military drafts were considered "odious" among many in the north, particularly immigrants.
The New York Draft Riots of July 1863 were the most notable manifestation of this discontent.
Therefore, in the fall of 1863, Lincoln 's principal aim was to sustain public support for the war effort.
This goal became the focus of his address at the Gettysburg battlefield cemetery on November 19.
The Gettysburg Address is one of the most quoted speeches in United States history.
Abraham Lincoln 's carefully crafted address, secondary to other presentations that day, came to be regarded as one of the greatest speeches in American history.
In just over two minutes, Lincoln invoked the principles of human equality espoused by the Declaration of Independence and redefined the Civil War as a struggle not merely for the Union, but as "a new birth of freedom" that would bring true equality to all of its citizens, and that would also create a unified nation in which states' rights were no longer dominant.
Nevertheless, Republicans across the country feared that Lincoln would be defeated.
Lincoln did not show the pledge to his cabinet, but asked them to sign the sealed envelope.
Lincoln provided Grant with new replacements and mobilized his party to support Grant and win local support for the war effort.
At this time, a victory over the rebels was at hand, slavery was dead, and Lincoln was looking to the future.
Of special importance were Tennessee, where Lincoln appointed Andrew Johnson as governor, and Louisiana, where Lincoln attempted a plan that would restore statehood when 10% of the voters agreed to it.
This allowed the president to confer in person with Grant and Sherman about ending hostilities (as Sherman coincidentally managed a hasty visit to Grant from his forces in North Carolina at the same time).
He was greeted at the city as a conquering hero by freed slaves, whose sentiments were epitomized by one admirer 's quote, "I know I am free for I have seen the face of Father Abraham and have felt him."
Lincoln 's rhetoric defined the issues of the war for the nation, the world, and posterity.
The Gettysburg Address defied Lincoln 's own prediction that "the world will little note, nor long remember what we say here."
In recent years, historians have stressed Lincoln 's use of and redefinition of republican values.
Nevertheless, in 1861 Lincoln justified the war in terms of legalisms, and then in terms of the national duty to guarantee a "republican form of government" in every state.
While some critics say Lincoln moved too far and too fast, they agree that he dedicated the nation to values that marked "a new founding of the nation."
In 1861, Lincoln signed the second and third Morrill Tariff (the first had become law under James Buchanan).
Lincoln also presided over the expansion of the federal government 's economic influence in several other areas.
The creation of the system of national banks by the National Banking Acts of 1863, 1864, and 1865 allowed the creation of a strong national financial system.
The last such proclamation was during James Madison 's presidency fifty years before.
After attending an April 11 speech in which Lincoln promoted voting rights for blacks, an incensed Booth changed his plans and determined to assassinate the president.
Learning that the President and First Lady would be attending Ford 's Theatre, he laid his plans, assigning his co-conspirators to assassinate Vice President Andrew Johnson and Secretary of State William H. Seward.
Without his main bodyguard Ward Hill Lamon, to whom he related his famous dream regarding his own assassination, Lincoln left to attend the play Our American Cousin on April 14, 1865.
As a lone bodyguard wandered, and Lincoln sat in his state box in the balcony, Booth crept up behind the President and waited for what he thought would be the funniest line of the play ("You sock-dologizing old man-trap"), hoping the laughter would muffle the noise of the gunshot.
When the laughter began, Booth jumped into the box and aimed a single-shot, round-ball .44 caliber (11 mm) Deringer at his head, firing at point-blank range.
Major Henry Rathbone momentarily grappled with Booth but was cut by Booth 's knife.
Booth then leaped to the stage and shouted "Sic semper tyrannis!"
(Latin: Thus always to tyrants) and escaped, despite suffering a broken leg in the leap.
He was eventually cornered in a Va. barn house and shot, dying of his wounds soon after.
The President was taken across the street from the theater to the Petersen House, where he lay in a coma for nine hours before dying.
Several physicians attended Lincoln, including U.S. Army Surgeon General Joseph K. Barnes of the Army Medical Museum.
Lincoln never regained consciousness and was pronounced dead at 7:22:10 a.m. April 15, 1865.
Lincoln 's body was carried by train in a grand funeral procession through several states on its way back to Illinois.
The Lincoln Tomb in Oak Ridge Cemetery in Springfield, Ill., is 177 feet (54 m) tall and, by 1874, was surmounted with several bronze statues of Lincoln.
To prevent repeated attempts to steal Lincoln 's body and hold it for ransom, Robert Todd Lincoln had it exhumed and reinterred in concrete several feet thick in 1901.
The philosophical basis for Lincoln 's beliefs regarding slavery and other issues of the day require that Lincoln be examined "seriously as a man of ideas."
Lincoln was a strong supporter of the American Whig version of liberal capitalism.
There were few people who strongly or directly influenced Lincoln 's moral and intellectual development and perspectives.
There was no teacher, mentor, church leader, community leader, or peer that Lincoln would credit in later years as a strong influence on his intellectual development.
Lacking a formal education, Lincoln 's personal philosophy was shaped by "an amazingly retentive memory and a passion for reading and learning."
It was Lincoln 's reading, rather than his relationships, that were most influential in shaping his personal beliefs.
In 1846 Lincoln described the effect of this doctrine as "that the human mind is impelled to action, or held in rest by some power, over which the mind itself has no control."
As Lincoln matured, and especially during his term as president, the idea of a divine will somehow interacting with human affairs increasingly influenced his public expressions.
Consistent with the common practice of the Whig party, Lincoln would often use the Declaration of Independence as the philosophical and moral expression of these two philosophies.
In claiming that all men were created free, Lincoln and the Whigs argued that this freedom required economic advancement, expanded education, territory to grow, and the ability of the nation to absorb the growing immigrant population.
He saw the Declaration as more than a political document.
Among contemporary admirers, Lincoln is usually seen as personifying classical values of honesty and integrity, as well as respect for individual and minority rights, and human freedom in general.
The Lincoln automobile brand is also named after him.
The ballistic missile submarine Abraham Lincoln (SSBN-602) and the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) were named in his honor.
During the Spanish Civil War, the American faction of the International Brigades named themselves the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.
Lincoln has been memorialized in many town, city, and county names, including the capital of Nebraska.
Lincoln, Illinois, is the only city to be named for Abraham Lincoln before he became President.
Lincoln 's name and image appear in numerous places.
In addition, New Salem, Illinois (a reconstruction of Lincoln 's early adult hometown), Ford 's Theatre, and Petersen House (where he died) are all preserved as museums.
The state nickname for Illinois is Land of Lincoln; the slogan has appeared continuously on nearly all Illinois license plates issued since 1954.
Abraham Lincoln 's birthday, February 12, was never a national holiday, but it was observed by 30 states.
When I-80 was completed in 1969, the head was moved to the current site.
Aristotle was born in Stageira, Chalcidice, in 384 BC, about 55 km (34 mi) east of modern-day Thessaloniki.
At about the age of eighteen, he went to Athens to continue his education at Plato 's Academy.
Aristotle married Hermias 's adoptive daughter (or niece) Pythias.
She bore him a daughter, whom they named Pythias.
Aristotle was appointed as the head of the royal academy of Macedon.
By 335 BC he had returned to Athens, establishing his own school there known as the Lyceum.
However, he died in Euboea of natural causes within the year (in 322 BC).
Aristotle named chief executor his student Antipater and left a will in which he asked to be buried next to his wife.
Even Plato had difficulties with logic; although he had a reasonable conception of a deducting system, he could never actually construct one and relied instead on his dialectic.
Plato believed that deduction would simply follow from premises, hence he focused on maintaining solid premises so that the conclusion would logically follow.
Consequently, Plato realized that a method for obtaining conclusions would be most beneficial.
Aristotle, however, found the universal in particular things, which he called the essence of things, while Plato finds that the universal exists apart from particular things, and is related to them as their prototype or exemplar.
For example, in his History of Animals he claimed that human males have more teeth than females and in the Generation of Animals he said the female is as it were a deformed male.
All further investigations of causality will consist of imposing the favorite hierarchies on the order causes, such as final > efficient > material > formal (Thomas Aquinas), or of restricting all causality to the material and efficient causes or to the efficient causality (deterministic or chance) or just to regular sequences and correlations of natural phenomena (the natural sciences describing how things happen instead of explaining the whys and wherefores).
Aristotle 's predecessor, Plato, argued that all things have a universal form, which could be either a property, or a relation to other things.
Plato argued that there are some universal forms that are not a part of particular things.
Bertrand Russell is a contemporary philosopher that agreed with Plato on the existence of "uninstantiated universals".
Aristotle disagreed with Plato on this point, arguing that all universals are instantiated.
Aristotle certainly did research on the natural history of Lesbos, and the surrounding seas and neighbouring areas.
The works that reflect this research, such as History of Animals, Generation of Animals, and Parts of Animals, contain some observations and interpretations, along with sundry myths and mistakes.
The most striking passages are about the sea-life visible from observation on Lesbos and available from the catches of fishermen.
Many of Theophrastus' names survive into modern times, such as carpos for fruit, and pericarpion for seed vessel.
Theophrastus also recognized the role of sex in the reproduction of some higher plants, though this last discovery was lost in later ages.
After Theophrastus, the Lyceum failed to produce any original work.
Herophilus also distinguished between veins and arteries, noting that the latter pulse while the former do not.
Aristotle concludes Poetics with a discussion on which, if either, is superior: epic or tragic mimesis.
According to the story, Apellicon tried to repair some of the damage that was done during the manuscripts' stay in the basement, introducing a number of errors into the text.
First, the condition of the texts is far too good for them to have suffered considerable damage followed by Apellicon 's inexpert attempt at repair.
Second, there is "incontrovertible evidence," Lord says, that the treatises were in circulation during the time in which Strabo and Plutarch suggest they were confined within the cellar in Scepsis.
And fourth, ancient library catalogues predating Andronicus' intervention list an Aristotelian corpus quite similar to the one we currently possess.
Aristotle 's influence over Alexander the Great is seen in the latter 's bringing with him on his expedition a host of zoologists, botanists, and researchers.
His assumption carried forward unexamined to Galen and others for almost two thousand years until the sixteenth century.
In places like Sparta where the lot of women is bad, there can only be half-happiness in society.
Inspired by time Gershwin had spent in Paris, it is in the form of an extended tone poem evoking the sights and energy of the French capital in the 1920s.
It is one of Gershwin 's best-known compositions.
Gershwin composed the piece on commission from the New York Philharmonic.
Gershwin brought back some Parisian taxi horns for the New York premiere of the composition which took place on December 13, 1928 in Carnegie Hall with Walter Damrosch conducting the New York Philharmonic.
Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra recorded the work for RCA Victor, including one of the first stereo recordings of the music.
A part of the symphonic composition is also featured in As Good as It Gets, released in 1997.
The Academy Awards are the oldest awards ceremony for achievements in motion pictures.
The Academy Award for Best Art Direction recognizes achievement in art direction on a film.
The films below are listed with their production year, so the Oscar 2000 for best art direction went to a film from 1999.
The Academy Awards (frequently known as the Oscars) are accolades by the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry, including directors, actors, and writers.
The 1st Academy Awards ceremony was held on May 16, 1929, at the Hotel Roosevelt in Hollywood to honor outstanding film achievements of the 1927-1928 film season.
It was hosted by actor Douglas Fairbanks and director William C. deMille.
The 82nd Academy Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film for 2009, was held on Sunday, March 7, 2010, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, with actors Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin hosting the ceremony.
The first awards were presented on May 16, 1929, at a private brunch at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel with an audience of about 26 people.
Since 2002, the awards have been broadcast from the Kodak Theatre.
The honored professionals were awarded for all the work done in a certain category for the qualifying period; for example, Emil Jannings received the award for two movies in which he starred during that period.
As of the 82nd Academy Awards ceremony held in 2010, a total of 2,789 Oscars have been given for 1,825 awards.
The only addition to the Oscar since it was created is a minor streamlining of the base.
In support of the American effort in World War II, the statuettes were made of plaster and were traded in for gold ones after the war had ended.
The root of the name Oscar is contested.
At the end of the day she asked, "What should we do with Oscar, put him in the vault?"
Academy Awards not protected by this agreement have been sold in public auctions and private deals for six-figure sums.
This rule is highly controversial, since while the Oscar is under the ownership of the recipient, it is essentially not on the open market.
The case of Michael Todd 's grandson trying to sell Todd 's Oscar statuette illustrates that there are many who do not agree with this idea.
Since 2004, Academy Award nomination results have been announced to the public in late January.
In the special case of Best Picture, all voting members are eligible to select the nominees for that category.
The members of the various branches nominate those in their respective fields while all members may submit nominees for Best Picture.
The winners are then determined by a second round of voting in which all members are then allowed to vote in most categories, including Best Picture.
(The artists who recorded the nominees for Best Original Song quite often perform those songs live at the awards ceremony, and the fact that they are performing is often used to promote the television broadcast).
The 2007 ceremony was watched by more than 40 million Americans.
ABC once again took over broadcast duties in 1976; it is under contract to do so through the year 2014.
After more than sixty years of being held in late March or early April, the ceremonies were moved up to late February or early March starting in 2004 to help disrupt and shorten the intense lobbying and ad campaigns associated with Oscar season in the film industry.
The earlier date is also to the advantage of ABC, as it now usually occurs during the highly profitable and important February sweeps period.
(Some years, the ceremony is moved into early March in deference to the Winter Olympics.)
This section has led to some criticism for omission of notable persons such as Leonard Schrader and Malcolm Arnold in 2007 and Gene Barry, Farrah Fawcett, Henry Gibson, and Bea Arthur in 2010.
Since 2002, celebrities have been seen arriving at the Academy Awards in hybrid vehicles; during the telecast of the 79th Academy Awards in 2007, Leonardo DiCaprio and former vice president Al Gore announced that ecologically intelligent practices had been integrated into the planning and execution of the Oscar presentation and several related events.
In 2010, the organizers of the Academy Awards announced that winners' acceptance speeches must not run past 45 seconds.
The 78th Academy Awards which awarded low-budgeted, independent film Crash generated an audience of 38.64 million with a household rating of 22.91%.
In 2008, the 80th Academy Awards telecast was watched by 31.76 million viewers on average with an 18.66% household rating, the lowest rated and least watched ceremony to date, in spite of celebrating 80 years of the Academy Awards.
The Best Picture winner of that particular ceremony was another low-budget, independently financed film (No Country for Old Men).
In 1929, the 1st Academy Awards were presented at a banquet dinner at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel.
From 1930 -- 1943, the awards were presented first at the Ambassador Hotel in Hollywood, and later the Biltmore Hotel in downtown Los Angeles.
Grauman 's Chinese Theater in Hollywood then hosted the awards from 1944 to 1946, followed by the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles from 1947 to 1948.
From 1950 to 1960, the awards were presented at Hollywood 's Pantages Theatre.
In 2002, Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre became the permanent home of the awards.
Due to the positive exposure and prestige of the ceremony, studios spend millions of dollars and hire publicists specifically to promote their films for Oscars.
This has generated accusations of the Academy Awards being influenced more by marketing than quality.
Director William Friedkin, an Oscar winner and producer of the Academy Awards, expressed this sentiment at a conference in New York in 2009.
He characterized the Academy Awards as "the greatest promotion scheme that any industry ever devised for itself".
In addition, some winners critical of the Academy Awards have boycotted the ceremonies and refused to accept their Oscars.
The first to do so was Dudley Nichols (Best Writing in 1935 for The Informer).
George C. Scott became the second person to refuse his award, at the 43rd Academy Awards ceremony.
Scott explained, "The whole thing is a goddamn meat parade.
At the 45th Academy Awards ceremony, Brando sent Sacheen Littlefeather to read a 15-page speech detailing Brando 's criticisms.
It has been observed that several of the Academy Award winners -- particularly Best Picture -- have not stood the test of time nor defeated worthier efforts.
Best Picture is not the only category to come under criticism.
The Academy Awards have also been disparaged for having a bias towards certain types of accomplishments and film genres.
The Best Picture prize has never been given to a film noir, science fiction or an animated film; and rarely are horror, fantasy, comedy and westerns recognized by AMPAS.
Actrius is a 1996 film directed by Ventura Pons.
Animalia is an illustrated children 's book by Graeme Base.
Animalia is an alliterative alphabet book and contains twenty-six illustrations, one for each letter of the alphabet.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) combines these measurements to retrospectively calculate the weighted average that forms the most stable time scale possible.
The term was originally coined by the founding sociologist and philosopher of science, Auguste Comte, and has become a major topic for psychologists (especially evolutionary psychology researchers), evolutionary biologists, and ethologists.
Though it might seem obvious that altruism is central to the teachings of Jesus, one important and influential strand of Christianity would qualify this.
Thomas Jay Oord has argued in several books that altruism is but one possible form of love.
The importance lies in sacrifice for the sake of the greater good; Islam considers those practicing i'thar as abiding by the highest degree of nobility.
A constant concern for Allah results in a careful attitude towards people, animals, and other things in this world.
Judaism defines altruism as the desired goal of creation.
The famous Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook stated that love is the most important attribute in humanity.
Modern Kabbalah developed by Rabbi Yehuda Ashlag, in his writings about the future generation, focuses on how society could achieve an altruistic social framework.
Ashlag proposed that such a framework is the purpose of creation, and everything that happens is to raise humanity to the level of altruism, love for one another.
Ashlag focused on society and its relation to divinity.
"I was giving water to the wounded because I saw your face in all of them," replied Bhai Kanhaiya.
In the study published in the February 2007 print issue of Nature Neuroscience, researchers have found a part of the brain that behaves differently for altruistic and selfish people.
Bowles assembled genetic, climactic, archaeological, ethnographic and experimental data to examine the cost-benefit relationship of human cooperation in ancient populations.
She first achieved fame in 1943 with her novel The Fountainhead, which in 1957 was followed by her best-known work, the philosophical novel Atlas Shrugged.
Rand 's political views, reflected in both her fiction and her theoretical work, emphasize individual rights (including property rights) and laissez-faire capitalism, enforced by a constitutionally limited government.
Rand was born Alisa Zinov'yevna Rosenbaum in 1905, to a bourgeois family living in Saint Petersburg.
Rand was twelve at the time of the Russian revolution of 1917.
Rand 's family life was disrupted by the rise of the Bolshevik party under Vladimir Lenin.
Her father 's pharmacy was confiscated by the Bolsheviks, and the family fled to the Crimea, which was initially under the control of the White Army during the Russian Civil War.
After graduating from high school in the Crimea she briefly held a job teaching Red Army soldiers to read.
At sixteen, Rand returned with her family to Saint Petersburg.
A third figure whose philosophical works she studied heavily was Friedrich Nietzsche.
Of the writers she read at this time, Victor Hugo, Edmond Rostand, Friedrich Schiller, and Fyodor Dostoevsky became her perennial favorites.
However, after complaints from a group of visiting foreign scientists, some of the purged students were allowed to complete their work and graduate, which Rand did in October 1924.
For one of her assignments, she wrote an essay about the actress Pola Negri, which became her first published work.
She was so impressed with the skyline of Manhattan upon her arrival that she cried what she later called "tears of splendor".
Rand scholars have interpreted her notes for this book as evidence of her early admiration of the ideas of Friedrich Nietzsche.
However, the novel was never completed and none of the other projects were produced or published during Rand 's lifetime.
Rand 's first literary success came with the sale of her screenplay Red Pawn to Universal Studios in 1932.
Josef Von Sternberg considered it for Marlene Dietrich, but anti-Soviet themes were unpopular at the time, and the project came to nothing.
In 1941, Paramount Pictures produced a movie version of the play.
Rand did not participate in the production and was highly critical of the result.
Her first novel, the semi-autobiographical We the Living, was published in 1936 by Macmillan.
Set in Communist Russia, it focused on the struggle between the individual and the state.
In the foreword to the novel, Rand stated that We the Living "is as near to an autobiography as I will ever write.
During the 1940s, Rand became involved in political activism.
Despite her philosophical differences with them, Rand strongly endorsed the writings of both men throughout her career, and both of them expressed admiration for her.
Once von Mises referred to Rand as "the most courageous man in America", a compliment that particularly pleased her because he said' man' instead of' woman'.
She also developed a friendship with libertarian writer Isabel Paterson.
Rand 's first major success as a writer came with The Fountainhead in 1943, a romantic and philosophical novel that she wrote over a period of seven years.
Her use of the drug enabled her to work long hours to meet her deadline for delivering the finished novel to Bobbs-Merrill, but when the book was done she was so exhausted that her doctor ordered two weeks rest.
The Fountainhead eventually became a worldwide success, bringing Rand fame and financial security.
Rand also outlined and took extensive notes for a nonfiction treatment of her philosophy, although the planned book was never completed.
There, Rand entertained figures such as Hazlitt, Morrie Ryskind, Albert Mannheimer and Leonard Read.
Despite their break, Rand continued to promote Paterson 's The God of the Machine.
Her testimony described the disparity between her personal experiences in the Soviet Union and the portrayal of it in the 1944 film Song of Russia.
Rand argued that the film grossly misrepresented conditions in the Soviet Union, portraying life there as being much better and happier than it actually was.
When asked about her feelings on the effectiveness of the investigations after the hearings, Rand described the process as "futile".
After several delays, the movie version of The Fountainhead was released in 1949.
Although it used Rand 's screenplay with minimal alterations, she "disliked the movie from beginning to end," complaining about its editing, acting and other elements.
After the publication of The Fountainhead, Rand received numerous letters from readers, some of whom it had profoundly influenced.
At first the group was an informal gathering of friends who met with Rand on weekends at her apartment to discuss philosophy.
Later she began allowing them to read the drafts of her new novel, Atlas Shrugged, as the manuscript pages were written.
In 1954 Rand 's close relationship with the much younger Nathaniel Branden turned into a romantic affair, with the consent of their spouses.
Atlas Shrugged, published in 1957, was Rand 's magnum opus.
Rand described the theme of the novel as "the role of the mind in man 's existence -- and, as a corollary, the demonstration of a new moral philosophy: the morality of rational self-interest."
The novel 's hero and leader of the strike, John Galt, describes the strike as "stopping the motor of the world" by withdrawing the minds of the individuals most contributing to the nation 's wealth and achievement.
With this fictional strike, Rand intended to illustrate that without the efforts of the rational and productive, the economy would collapse and society would fall apart.
Rand 's last work of fiction, it marked a turning point in her life, ending her career as novelist and beginning her role as a popular philosopher.
After the book received many negative reviews, however, Rand fell into a severe depression that may have been aggravated by her use of prescription amphetamines.
Collective members gave lectures for NBI and wrote articles for Objectivist periodicals that she edited.
Rand later published some of these articles in book form.
Critics, including some former NBI students and Branden himself, have described the culture of NBI as one of intellectual conformity and excessive reverence for Rand, with some describing NBI or the entire Objectivist movement as a cult or religion.
Rand expressed opinions on a wide range of topics, including literature, music, sexuality, even facial hair, and some of her followers mimicked all her preferences, wearing clothes to match characters from her novels and buying furniture like hers.
Rand was unimpressed with many of the NBI students and held them to strict standards, often reacting coldly or angrily to those who disagreed with her.
However, some former NBI students believe the extent of these behaviors has been exaggerated, with the problem being concentrated among Rand 's closest followers in New York.
She received an honorary doctorate from Lewis & Clark College in 1963.
In 1964 Nathaniel Branden began an affair with the young actress Patrecia Scott, whom he later married.
A heavy smoker, Rand underwent surgery for lung cancer in 1974.
Several more of her closest associates parted company with her, and during the late 1970s her activities within the Objectivist movement declined, especially after the death of her husband on November 9, 1979.
One of her final projects was work on a television adaptation of Atlas Shrugged.
Rand 's funeral was attended by some of her prominent followers, including Alan Greenspan.
In her will, Rand named Leonard Peikoff the heir to her estate.
As an atheist who rejected faith as antithetical to reason, Rand embraced philosophical realism and opposed all forms of what what she regarded as mysticism and supernaturalism, including organized religion.
Rand also argued for rational egoism (rational self-interest), as the only proper guiding moral principle.
Rand held that laissez-faire capitalism is the only moral social system.
Philosopher Chandran Kukathas said her "unremitting hostility towards the state and taxation sits inconsistently with a rejection of anarchism, and her attempts to resolve the difficulty are ill-thought out and unsystematic."
For example, the first edition of We the Living contained language which has been interpreted as advocating ruthless elitism: "What are your masses but mud to be ground underfoot, fuel to be burned for those who deserve it?"
Among the philosophers Rand held in particular disdain was Immanuel Kant, whom she referred to as a "monster" and "the most evil man in history".
Rand was strongly opposed to the view that reason is unable to know reality "as it is in itself", which she ascribed to Kant, and she considered her philosophy to be the "exact opposite" of Kant 's on "every fundamental issue".
When they were first published, Rand 's novels were derided by some critics as long and melodramatic.
The first reviews Rand received were for her play Night of January 16.
Reviews of the Broadway production were mixed, and Rand considered even the positive reviews to be embarrassing because of significant changes made to her script by the producer.
Rand 's first bestseller, The Fountainhead, received far fewer reviews than We the Living, and reviewers' opinions were mixed.
There was a positive review in The New York Times that Rand greatly appreciated.
The Times reviewer called Rand "a writer of great power" who writes "brilliantly, beautifully and bitterly," and it stated that she had "written a hymn in praise of the individual ... you will not be able to read this masterful book without thinking through some of the basic concepts of our time."
There were other positive reviews, but Rand dismissed most of them as either not understanding her message or as being from unimportant publications.
Other negative reviews called the characters unsympathetic and Rand 's style "offensively pedestrian."
Rand 's 1957 novel Atlas Shrugged was widely reviewed, and many of the reviews were strongly negative.
In the National Review, conservative author Whittaker Chambers called the book "sophomoric" and "remarkably silly".
Atlas Shrugged received positive reviews from a few publications, but Rand scholar Mimi Reisel Gladstein later wrote that "reviewers seemed to vie with each other in a contest to devise the cleverest put-downs," calling it "execrable claptrap" and "a nightmare;" they said it was "written out of hate" and showed "remorseless hectoring and prolixity."
Author Flannery O'Connor wrote in a letter to a friend that "The fiction of Ayn Rand is as low as you can get re fiction.
She makes Mickey Spillane look like Dostoevsky. "
Rand 's nonfiction received far fewer reviews than her novels had.
The tenor of the criticism for her first nonfiction book, For the New Intellectual, was similar to that for Atlas Shrugged, with philosopher Sidney Hook likening her approach to "the way philosophy is written in the Soviet Union" and author Gore Vidal calling her viewpoint "nearly perfect in its immorality".
During Rand 's lifetime her work received little attention from academic scholars.
A few articles about Rand 's ideas appeared in academic journals prior to her death in 1982, many of them in The Personalist.
Academic consideration of Rand as a literary figure during her life was even more limited.
Rand 's books continue to be widely sold and read, with 25 million copies sold as of 2007, and 800,000 more being sold each year according to the Ayn Rand Institute.
Examples include philosophers John Hospers, George H. Smith, Allan Gotthelf and Tara Smith, economists Alan Greenspan, George Reisman and Murray Rothbard, psychologist Edwin A. Locke, historian Robert Hessen, and political writer Charles Murray.
Books by other authors about Rand and her philosophy also appeared on the nonfiction list.
Rand has been cited by numerous writers, artists and commentators as an influence on their lives and thought.
Rand or characters based on her figure prominently in novels by such authors as William F. Buckley, Mary Gaitskill, Matt Ruff, J. Neil Schulman, and Kay Nolte Smith.
Other authors and artists, such as Steve Ditko, Terry Goodkind, and Neil Peart, have also cited her as an influence.
In the business world, Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks, and John P. Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods, have said they consider Rand crucial to their success.
Other "avowed Rand fans" include Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner, and Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales.
Rand and her works have been referred to in a variety of media.
Two movies have been made about Rand 's life.
A 1997 documentary film, Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The Passion of Ayn Rand, an independent film about her life, was made in 1999, starring Helen Mirren as Rand and Peter Fonda as her husband.
The references to Rand in these works are not always positive.
Nick Gillespie, editor in chief of Reason, has remarked that "Rand 's is a tortured immortality, one in which she 's as likely to be a punch line as a protagonist" ... with "jibes at Rand as cold and inhuman, run [ning] through the popular culture."
Rand or her works have been referenced on such animated series as Futurama, South Park and The Simpsons, and on talk shows such as The Colbert Report and Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Although she rejected the labels "conservative" and "libertarian", Rand has had continuing influence on right-wing politics, especially libertarianism.
Burns further extrapolates on the gulf between Rand and conservatives, noting that "whereas traditional conservatism emphasized duties, responsibilities, and social interconnectedness, at the core of the right-wing ideology that Rand spearheaded was a rejection of moral obligation to others."
Despite Rand 's untraditionally-Republican stance as a pro-choice atheist, the political figures who cite Rand as an influence are most often conservative or libertarian members of the United States Republican Party.
Republican South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford wrote a 2009 review for Newsweek where he spoke of how he was "blown away" after first reading The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, while tying her signifigance to understanding the 2008 financial crisis.
The financial crisis of 2007 -- 2010 spurred renewed interest in her works, especially Atlas Shrugged, which some saw as foreshadowing the crisis.
Conservative talk show hosts, such as Glenn Beck, Neal Boortz and Rush Limbaugh recommended the novel to their audiences, and opinion articles compared real-world events with the plot of the novel.
During this period there was also increased criticism of her ideas, especially from the political left, with critics blaming her support of selfishness and free markets for the economic crisis, particularly through her influence on Alan Greenspan.
Since Rand 's death in 1982, interest in her work has gradually increased.
Some academic philosophers have criticized Rand for what they consider her lack of rigor and limited understanding of philosophical subject matter.
Chris Matthew Sciabarra has called into question the motives of some of Rand 's critics because of what he calls the unusual hostility of their criticisms.
Sciabarra writes, "The left was infuriated by her anti-communist, pro-capitalist politics, whereas the right was disgusted with her atheism and civil libertarianism."
Sciabarra co-edits the Journal of Ayn Rand Studies, a nonpartisan peer-reviewed journal dedicated to the study of Rand 's philosophical and literary work.
Rand 's ideas have also been made subjects of study at Clemson and Duke universities.
In 1985 Leonard Peikoff established the Ayn Rand Institute, which "works to introduce young people to Ayn Rand 's novels, to support scholarship and research based on her ideas, and to promote the principles of reason, rational self-interest, individual rights and laissez-faire capitalism to the widest possible audience."
In 1990 David Kelley founded the Institute for Objectivist Studies, now known as The Atlas Society.
Its focus is on attracting readers of Rand 's fiction; the associated Objectivist Center deals with more academic ventures.
The foundation has supported research at the University of Texas at Austin, the University of Pittsburgh, Duke University and other schools.
Alain Connes is one of the leading specialists on operator algebras.
Connes has applied his work in areas of mathematics and theoretical physics, including number theory, differential geometry and particle physics.
He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences and several foreign academies and societies, including the Danish Academy of Sciences, Norwegian Academy of Sciences, Russian Academy of Sciences, and US National Academy of Sciences.
Allan Dwan (April 3, 1885 -- December 28, 1981) was a pioneering Canadian-born American motion picture director, producer and screenwriter.
Following the introduction of the talkies, in 1937 he directed child-star Shirley Temple in Heidi and Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm the following year.
Over his long and successful career spanning over 50 years, he directed over 400 motion pictures, many of them highly acclaimed, such as the 1949 box office smash, Sands of Iwo Jima.
He died in Los Angeles at the age of ninety-six, and is interred in the San Fernando Mission Cemetery, Mission Hills, California.
Algeria is bordered in the northeast by Tunisia, in the east by Libya, in the west by Morocco, in the southwest by Western Sahara, Mauritania, and Mali, in the southeast by Niger, and in the north by the Mediterranean Sea.
The capital of Algeria is Algiers.
Algeria is a member of the Arab League, United Nations, African Union, and OPEC.
It is also a founding member of the Arab Maghreb Union.
The name of the country is derived from the city of Algiers.
In classical times northern Algeria was known as Numidia, which included parts of modern day western Tunisia and eastern Morocco.
In Antiquity Algeria was known as the Numidia kingdom and its people were called Numidians.
This is another reason why the region was proposed by McKenna as the cradle of culture and civilization, as the visions induced by these mushrooms give a powerful impulse towards art, painting and the sense of contact with the supernatural that is the basis of religious belief.
The Berbers seized the opportunity offered by the Punic Wars to become independent of Carthage, and Berber kingdoms began to emerge, most notably Numidia.
In 200 BC, they were once again taken over, this time by the Roman Republic.
The Berbers were made up of several tribes.
Each region of the Maghreb contained several tribes.
Algeria was made part of the Ottoman Empire by Hayreddin Barbarossa and his brother Aruj in 1517.
In 1544, Hayreddin captured the island of Ischia, taking 4,000 prisoners, and enslaved some 9,000 inhabitants of Lipari, almost the entire population.
In 1551, Turgut Reis enslaved the entire population of the Maltese island Gozo, between 5,000 and 6,000, sending them to Libya.
In 1554, pirates sacked Vieste in southern Italy and took an estimated 7,000 slaves.
In 1555, Turgut Reis sacked Bastia, Corsica, taking 6000 prisoners.
In 1558, Barbary corsairs captured the town of Ciutadella, destroyed it, slaughtered the inhabitants and took 3,000 survivors to Istanbul as slaves.
Barbary pirates often attacked the Balearic Islands, and in response many coastal watchtowers and fortified churches were erected.
The threat was so severe that the island of Formentera became uninhabited.
From 1609 to 1616, England lost 466 merchant ships to Barbary pirates.
In the 19th century, Barbary pirates would capture ships and enslave the crew.
Algeria 's social fabric suffered during the occupation: literacy plummeted, while land development uprooted much of the population.
In 1954, the National Liberation Front (FLN) launched the Algerian War of Independence which was a guerrilla campaign.
The poll resulted in a landslide vote for complete independence from France.
Over one million people, 10% of the population, then fled the country for France and in just a few months in mid-1962.
Algeria 's first president was the FLN leader Ahmed Ben Bella.
He was overthrown by his former ally and defence minister, Houari Boumédienne in 1965.
In foreign policy strained relations with its western neighbor Morocco.
Within Algeria, dissent was rarely tolerated, and the state 's control over the media and the outlawing of political parties other than the FLN was cemented in the repressive constitution of 1976.
The modernization drive brought considerable demographic changes to Algeria.
The new generation struggled to relate to the cultural obsession with the war years and two conflicting protest movements developed: communists, including Berber identity movements; and Islamic' intégristes'.
Mass protests from both camps in autumn 1988 forced Bendjedid to concede the end of one-party rule.
It forced then-president Bendjedid to resign and banned all political parties based on religion (including the Islamic Salvation Front).
A political conflict ensued, leading Algeria into the violent Algerian Civil War.
The question of who was responsible for these deaths was controversial at the time amongst academic observers; many were claimed by the Armed Islamic Group.
On 27 April 1999, after a series of short-term leaders representing the military, Abdelaziz Bouteflika, the current president, was chosen by the army.
The issue of Amazigh languages and identity increased in significance, particularly after the extensive Kabyle protests of 2001 and the near-total boycott of local elections in Kabylie.
The government responded with concessions including naming of Tamazight (Berber) as a national language and teaching it in schools.
Much of Algeria is now recovering and developing into an emerging economy.
Recently, overseas investment in Algeria has increased.
The area from the coast to the Tell Atlas is fertile.
South of the Tell Atlas is a steppe landscape, which ends with the Saharan Atlas; further south, there is the Sahara desert.
The Ahaggar Mountains (Arabic: جبال هقار ‎), also known as the Hoggar, are a highland region in central Sahara, southern Algeria.
Rainfall is fairly abundant along the coastal part of the Tell Atlas, ranging from 400 to 670 mm (15.7 to 26.4 in) annually, the amount of precipitation increasing from west to east.
Precipitation is heaviest in the northern part of eastern Algeria, where it reaches as much as 1000 mm (39.4 in) in some years.
The head of state is the President of Algeria, who is elected for a five-year term.
Algeria has universal suffrage at 18 years of age.
Under the 1976 constitution (as modified 1979, and amended in 1988, 1989, and 1996) Algeria is a multi-party state.
To date, Algeria has had more than 40 legal political parties.
Algeria has its force oriented toward its western neighbor (Morocco) and eastern (Libyan) borders.
Its primary military supplier has been the former Soviet Union, which has sold various types of sophisticated equipment under military trade agreements, and the People 's Republic of China.
Algeria has attempted, in recent years, to diversify its sources of military material.
Russia is also building two 636-type diesel submarines for Algeria.
Tensions between Algeria and Morocco in relation to the Western Sahara have put great obstacles in the way of tightening the Maghreb Union, which was nominally established in 1989 but carried little practical weight with its coastal neighbors.
Algeria is divided into 48 provinces (wilayas), 553 districts (daïras) and 1,541 municipalities (baladiyahs).
According to the Algerian constitution, a province is a territorial collectivity enjoying some economic freedom.
The People 's Provincial Assembly is the political entity governing a province, which has a "president", who is elected by the members of the assembly.
The fossil fuels energy sector is the backbone of Algeria 's economy, accounting for roughly 60% of budget revenues, 30% of GDP, and over 95% of export earnings.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration reported that in 2005, Algeria had 160 trillion cubic feet (4.5 × 10 ^ 12 m 3) of proven natural gas reserves, the eighth largest in the world.
Algeria 's finances in 2000 and 2001 benefited from an increase in oil prices and the government 's tight fiscal policy, leading to a large increase in the trade surplus, record highs in foreign exchange reserves, and reduction in foreign debt.
In March 2006, Russia agreed to erase $ 4.74 billion of Algeria 's Soviet-era debt during a visit by President Vladimir Putin to the country, the first by a Russian leader in half a century.
In return, president Bouteflika agreed to buy $ 7.5 billion worth of combat planes, air-defense systems and other arms from Russia, according to the head of Russia 's state arms exporter Rosoboronexport.
Algeria has always been noted for the fertility of its soil.
The Tell Atlas is the grain-growing land.
Algeria also exports figs, dates, esparto grass, and cork.
Almost all of this population left during or immediately after the country 's independence from France.
According to the UNDP, Algeria has one of the world 's highest per housing unit occupancy rates for housing, and government officials have publicly stated that the country has an immediate shortfall of 1.5 million housing units.
Women make up 70 percent of Algeria 's lawyers and 60 percent of its judges, and also dominate the field of medicine.
It is estimated that 95,700 refugees and asylum-seekers have sought refuge in Algeria.
This includes roughly 90,000 from Morocco and 4,100 from Palestine.
Ethnic Berbers are divided into several groups including Kabyle in the mountainous north-central area, Chaoui in the eastern Atlas Mountains among other groups.
The official language of Algeria is (literary) Arabic, as specified in its constitution since 1963.
In addition to this, Berber has been recognized as a "national language" by constitutional amendment since May 8, 2002.
The Kabyle language, the most spoken Berber language in the country, is taught and partially co-official (with a few restrictions) in parts of Kabylia.
Berber languages are spoken by 15% of Algeria 's population mainly in Kabylia, in the Aurès, and in the Sahara.
The Berbers (or Imazighen) speak one of the various dialects of Tamazight, which add up to around 28% of the population.
Arabic remains Algeria 's only official language, although Tamazight has recently been recognized as a national language.
Islam is the predominant religion, followed by more than 99 percent of the country 's population.
Algeria had an important Jewish community until the 1960s.
In 2002 Algeria had inadequate numbers of physicians (1.13 per 1,000 people), nurses (2.23 per 1,000 people), and dentists (0.31 per 1,000 people).
Given Algeria 's young population, policy favors preventive health care and clinics over hospitals.
In Algeria there are 43 universities, 10 colleges, and 7 institutes for higher learning.
Famous novelists of the twentieth century include Mohammed Dib, Albert Camus, and Kateb Yacine, while Assia Djebar is widely translated.
The Latin author Apuleius was born in Madaurus, in what later became Algeria.
It is not until she sees the man most important to her in the world -- John Galt -- strapped to a torture machine, about to be killed by the looters (who recognize, too, that he is the only man who can save them from economic collapse), that she realizes that the moral code of the looters is one of death: that they recognize what is good and necessary for life, but wish to destroy it anyway.
The enigmatic John Galt is the primary male hero of Atlas Shrugged.
Later in the novel the reader discovers the true identity of this worker is John Galt.
There is a price on his head in Norway, Portugal, and Turkey; at one point, a policeman remarks that the worldwide rewards offered for his capture total $ 3 million.
He explains this is not altruism; his motivation is to ensure, once those espousing Galt 's philosophy are restored to their rightful place in society, they will have enough capital quickly to rebuild the world.
He took over d'Anconia Copper at age 23, after the death of his father.
In the latter he failed, becoming a rather tragic, Cassandra-esque figure.
Like many of Rand 's capitalist characters, he is a self-made man who started as an ordinary worker, showed talent, founded Rearden Steel and made it the most important steel company of the US (and one of the most important businesses of any kind).
The President of Taggart Transcontinental and the book 's most important antagonist.
Miss Rand dropped him, she told me, when she found that it was impossible to make such a character convincing. "
The uneasy realization that Galt is the end of his endeavors, the man of virtue, the perfect man -- and that his means do not fit this end (and that he is destroying this, his ideal, for the sake of those who are evil). "
In the U.S., contemporary anthropology is typically divided into four sub-fields: cultural anthropology (also called "social anthropology"), archaeology, linguistic anthropology and biological/physical anthropology.
At universities in the United Kingdom, and much of Europe, these "sub-fields" are frequently housed in separate departments and are seen as distinct disciplines.
Cultural anthropology is also called socio-cultural anthropology or social anthropology (especially in Great Britain).
Kant is not generally considered to be a modern anthropologist, however, as he never left his region of Germany nor did he study any cultures besides his own, and in fact, describes the need for anthropology as a corollary field to his own primary field of philosophy.
Historians of anthropology, like Marvin Harris, indicate two major frameworks within which empirical anthropology has arisen: interest in comparisons of people over space and interest in longterm human processes or humans as viewed through time.
Herodotus first formulated some of the persisting problems of anthropology.
Marco Polo 's systematic observations of nature, anthropology, and geography are another example of studying human variation across space.
Polo 's travels took him across such a diverse human landscape and his accounts of the peoples he met as he journeyed were so detailed that they earned for Polo the name "the father of modern anthropology."
Another candidate for one of the first scholars to carry out comparative ethnographic-type studies in person was the medieval Persian scholar Abū Rayhān Bīrūnī in the 11th century, who wrote about the peoples, customs, and religions of the Indian subcontinent.
In the former, the encounter with multiple, distinct cultures, often very different in organization and language from those of Europe, has led to a continuing emphasis on cross-cultural comparison and a receptiveness to certain kinds of cultural relativism.
E. B. Tylor (2 October 1832 -- 2 January 1917) and James George Frazer (1 January 1854 -- 7 May 1941) are generally considered the antecedents to modern social anthropology in Britain.
Tylor advocated strongly for unilinealism and a form of "uniformity of mankind".
Tylor in particular laid the groundwork for theories of cultural diffusionism, stating that there are three ways that different groups can have similar cultural forms or technologies: "independent invention, inheritance from ancestors in a distant region, transmission from one race [sic] to another."
Tylor formulated one of the early and influential anthropological conceptions of culture as "that complex whole which includes knowledge, belief, art, morals, law, custom, and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society."
Tylor also theorized about the origins of religious feelings in human beings, proposing a theory of animism as the earliest stage, and noting that "religion" has many components, of which he believed the most important to be belief in supernatural beings (as opposed to moral systems, cosmology, etc.).
His comparative studies, most influentially in the numerous editions of The Golden Bough, analyzed similarities in religious belief and symbolism globally.
Neither Tylor nor Frazer, however, were particularly interested in fieldwork, nor were they interested in examining how the cultural elements and institutions fit together.
Cambridge University financed a multidisciplinary expedition to the Torres Strait Islands in 1898, organized by Alfred Court Haddon and including a physician-anthropologist, William Rivers, as well as a linguist, a botanist, other specialists.
A. R. Radcliffe-Brown also published a seminal work in 1922.
He had carried out his initial fieldwork in the Andaman Islands in the old style of historical reconstruction.
Malinowski and Radcliffe-Brown 's influence stemmed from the fact that they, like Boas, actively trained students and aggressively built up institutions that furthered their programmatic ambitions.
In Britain, anthropology had a great intellectual impact, it "contributed to the erosion of Christianity, the growth of cultural relativism, an awareness of the survival of the primitive in modern life, and the replacement of diachronic modes of analysis with synchronic, all of which are central to modern culture."
Today, social anthropology in Britain engages internationally with many other social theories and has branched in many directions.
Lewis Henry Morgan (1818 -- 1881), a lawyer from Rochester, N.Y., became an advocate for and ethnological scholar of the Iroquois.
Like other scholars of his day (such as Edward Tylor), Morgan argued that human societies could be classified into categories of cultural evolution on a scale of progression that ranged from savagery, to barbarism, to civilization.
Generally, Morgan used technology (such as bowmaking or pottery) as an indicator of position on this scale.
Franz Boas established academic anthropology in the United States in opposition to this sort of evolutionary perspective.
For example, Boas studied immigrant children to demonstrate that biological race was not immutable, and that human conduct and behavior resulted from nurture, rather than nature.
Anthropology in the United States continues to be deeply influenced by the Boasian tradition, especially its emphasis on culture.
Boas used his positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to train and develop multiple generations of students.
After three decades of amassing material, Boasians felt a growing urge to generalize.
Influenced by psychoanalytic psychologists including Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung, these authors sought to understand the way that individual personalities were shaped by the wider cultural and social forces in which they grew up.