The Oxford Companion to Philosophy says that there is no single position that defines all anarchists, and those considered anarchists share a certain family resemblance.
Finally, for anarchist historian Daniel Guerin Some anarchists are more individualistic than social, some more social than individualists.
From this climate William Godwin has developed what many consider the first expression of modern anarchist thought.
Godwin was, according to Peter Kropotkin, the first to formulate the political and economic conceptions of anarchism, although he did not give that name to the ideas developed in his work, while Godwin attacked his anarchist ideas to a first Edmund Burke.
His classical period, which scholars demarcate from 1860 to 1939, is associated with the movements of the working class of the nineteenth century and the struggles of the Spanish Civil War against fascism.
Due to its links with the movements of active workers, the International became a significant organization.
Karl Marx became a prominent figure in the International and a member of the General Council.
The followers of Proudhon, the mutualists, opposed Marx's state socialism, supporting political astensionism and small property.
They allied with the federalist socialist sections of the International, which supported the revolutionary overthrow of the state and the collectivization of property.
Later, the International became polarized in two fields, with Marx and Bakunin as their respective figuresheads.
In response, the unions of all America prepared a general strike to support the event.
The incident became known as the Haymarket report, and was a failure for the workers' movement and the struggle for the eight-hour day.
The event also had the secondary purpose of the commemorative workers killed following the Haymarket report.
Malatesta warned that the objectives of trade unionists were to perpetuate trade unionism itself, while anarchists must always have anarchy as an end and therefore refrain from engaging in any particular method to achieve it.
The most successful was the National Confederation of Trabajo (National Confederation of Labour: CNT), founded in 1910.
The accession to the CGT was estimated around 100,000 for the year 2003.
Other active trade unionist movements include the US Workers Solidarity Alliance and the UK Solidarity Federation.
Some anarchists, such as Johann Most, claimed to publicize violent acts of reprisal against counterrevolution because we preach not only action within and for themselves, but also action as propaganda.
The anarcho-syndicalist, Fernand Pelloutier, argued in 1895 for a renewed anarchist involvement in the labor movement on the basis that anarchism could do very well without individual dynamite.
For example, US President McKinley's killer Leon Czolgosz said he was influenced by anarchist and feminist Emma Goldman.
This despite Goldman's disdain of any association with him, his membership of the Republican Party, and having never belonged to an anarchist organization.
The propaganda of the act was abandoned by the vast majority of the anarchist movement after the First World War (1914–18) and the October Revolution of 1917.
Important factors towards this include state repression, the level of organization of the labor movement, and the influence of the October revolution [citation needed].
The anarchists participated alongside the Bolsheviks in the revolutions of February and October, and were initially excited about the Bolshevik coup.
However, the Bolsheviks soon revolted against the anarchists and other leftist oppositions, a conflict culminating in the Kronstadt rebellion of 1921 that the new repressed government.
They both wrote stories of their experiences in Russia, criticizing the amount of control exercised by the Bolsheviks.
The victory of the Bolsheviks in the October revolution and the consequent Russian civil war has made serious damage to anarchist movements internationally.
The Italian anarchists played a key role in the anti-fascist organization Arditi del Popolo, which was stronger in areas with anarchist traditions, and reached a certain success in their activism, as to reject Blackshirts in the anarchist fortress of Parma in August 1922.
But in 1936, the CNT changed its policy and the anarchist votes helped bring back the popular power front.
Months later, the former ruling class responded with a coup attempt causing the Spanish Civil War (1936 -- 1939).
Stalinist led troops suppressed collectives and persecuted both dissident Marxists and anarchists.
In the UK this was associated with the punk rock movement, as exemplified by bands like Crass and Sex Pistols.
Anarchist anthropologist David Graeber and anarchist historian Andrej Grubacic have laid a break between generations of anarchism, with those who often have not shaken the sectarian habits of the 19th century contrasted with the younger activists who are much more informed, among other elements, by indigenous ideas, feminists, ecological and cultural-critical, and that at the end of the 21st century were formed by great part.
The anarchists became known for their involvement in protests against the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Otto Group and the World Economic Forum.
A major struggle of this period was the comparison of the WTO conference in Seattle in 1999.
A reaction against sectarianism within the anarchist environment was anarchism without adjectives, an appeal for tolerance adopted for the first time by Fernando Tarrida of Mármol in 1889 in response to bitter debates of anarchist theory at the time.
Proudhon proposed the spontaneous order, so the organization emerges without the central authority, a positive anarchy where the order arises when everyone does what he wants and only what he wants and where commercial transactions produce the social order.
According to William Batchelder Greene, every worker in the mutual system would receive a fair and exact pay for his work; equivalent services in terms of cost are exchangeable for services equivalent to costs, without profit or discount.
Proudhon first characterized his goal as a third form of society, the synthesis of communism and property.
Godwin, a philosophical anarchist, from a rationalist and utilitarian basis opposed to revolutionary action and saw a minimal state as a necessary present evil that would become increasingly irrelevant and impotent by the progressive spread of knowledge.
Godwin supported extreme individualism, proposing that all cooperation in work be eliminated on the assumption that this would be more favorable to the general good.
Godwin was a utilitarian who believed that all individuals are not of equal value, with some of us more value and importance than others depending on our usefulness in bringing social good.
Godwin opposed the government because he saw it as violating individual right to private judgment to determine what actions maximize utility, but also makes a criticism of every authority on individual judgment.
This aspect of Godwin's philosophy, stripped of useful motivations, was developed in a more extreme form later by Stirner.
The most extreme form of individualist anarchism, called egoism, or selfish anarchism, was expelled by one of the first and most famous supporters of individualist anarchism, Max Stirner.
Stirner's The Ego and Its Own, published in 1844, is a founding text of philosophy.
In Stirner, the rights were spooks in the mind, and claimed that society does not exist, but individuals are its reality.
Stirner's philosophy was seen as a precedent of existentialism with other thinkers such as Friedrich Nietzsche and Søren Kierkegaard.
Collective anarchism, also known as revolutionary socialism or a form of such, is a revolutionary form of anarchism, commonly associated with Mikhail Bakunin and Johann Most.
It was inspired by the writings of the late 19th century of the early feminist anarchists such as Lucy Parsons, Emma Goldman, Voltairine de Cleyre and Dora Marsden.
He developed mainly in the Netherlands, Great Britain and the United States, before and during World War II.
Another recent form of critical anarchism of formal anarchist movements is insurrectional anarchism, which supports informal organization and active resistance to the state; Its supporters include Wolfi Landstreicher and Alfredo M. Bonanno.
Supporters of free love sometimes traced their roots to Josiah Warren and experimental communities, saw sexual freedom as a clear and direct expression of an individual's self-property.
In New York's Greenwich Village, bohemian feminists and socialists supported self-realization and pleasure for women (and also men) in here and now.
They encouraged to play with sexual roles and sexuality, and the radical openly bisexual Edna St. Vincent Millay and the lesbian anarchist Margaret Anderson were prominent among them.
So it happened that she was the first and only woman, indeed the first and only American, to assume the defense of homosexual love before the general public.
Max Stirner wrote in 1842 a long essay on education called The False Principle of our Education.
In it Stirner appoints his own educational principle, explaining that self-understanding consists of hourly self-creation.
Perhaps the most famous effort in this field was the Modern School of Francisco Ferrer (Escuela Moderna), a project that has exerted considerable influence on Catalan education and experimental teaching techniques in general.
The first of these was started in New York in 1911.
Summerhill is often referred to as an example of anarchism in practice.
The term schooling was disclosed by Ivan Illich, who argued that the school as an institution is dysfunctional for self-determinated learning and serves the creation of a consumer society instead.
According to Luther's notary Mathesius, Luther thought that the boy was a bloodless mass of flesh possessed by the devil, and suggested that he was suffocated.
Almost all the features described in Kanner's first document on the subject, especially autistic loneliness and insistence on it, are still considered typical of the autistic spectrum of disorders.
The reuse of Kanner's autism has led to decades of confused terminology such as child schizophrenia, and the attention of child psychiatry on maternal deprivation has led to misunderstandings of autism as a response of a child to cold mothers.
The Internet has helped autistic individuals bypass nonverbal signals and emotional sharing that find so difficult to deal with, and gave them a way to form online communities and work remotely.
Another remarkable tall albedo body is Eris, with an albedo of 0.86.
The studies of the Hadley Center examined the relative effect (generally heating) of the albedo change and (reflecting) of the effect of carbon seduction on the sowing forests.
Beyond Antarctica, they average just over 0.8.
The numerical references of the characters in HTML and XML are & # 65; e & # 97; respectively for upper and lower case.
Alabama (i i/l ə ə b ə/) is a state located in the south-eastern region of the United States of America.
It is bounded by Tenn. north, Georgia east, Florida and the Gulf of Mexico south, and Mississippi west.
Alabama is the 30th place in the total surface and ranks second in the size of its inland waterways.
After World War II, Alabama experienced growth as the economy of the transition state from agriculture to diversified interests in heavy production, mining, education and technology.
In addition, the establishment or expansion of multiple military installations, mainly those of the United States Army and the United States Air Force, added to state works.
The capital of Ala is Montgomery.
The largest city for population is Birmingham.
The largest city for total area is Huntsville.
Although Ala's origin may be discerned, sources disagree on its meaning.
This notion was popular in 1850 through the writings of Alexander Beaufort Meek.
Scholars believe that the word comes from the dawn of Choctaw (plants of buds or weeds) and from love (which means cutting, cutting, or collecting).
Ala. was part of the new frontier in the 1820s and 1830s.
The central black belt economy was built around large cotton plantations whose owners built their wealth at slave labor.
While few battles were fought in the state, Alabama contributed some 120,000 troops to the American Civil War.
After the civil war, the state was still mainly agricultural, with an economy linked to cotton.
In 1900, fourteen counties of Black Belt had more than 79,000 voters on the reels.
The law of 1965 also protected the suffrage of white poor.
The population growth rate in Ala fell by almost half from 1910 to 1920, reflecting the effect of emigration.
At the same time, many rural whites and blacks migrated to the city of Birmingham for work in new industrial jobs.
He experienced such a rapid growth that was nicknamed The Magic City.
In the 1920s, Birmingham was the 19th largest city in the United States and held more than 30% of the state's population.
In addition, the state legislator gerrymandered the few Birmingham legislative seats to ensure the election by people living outside Birmingham.
A result was that Jefferson County, containing the industrial and economic power of Birmingham, contributed more than a third of all state tax revenue, but did not receive a proportional amount of services.
A 1960 study noted that due to rural domination, a minority of about 25 percent of the total state population is in the majority control of the Alabama legislature.
These factors have created a long-standing tradition that every candidate who wanted to be practicable with white voters had to run as democratic regardless of political beliefs.
Industrial development linked to the needs of World War II brought prosperity.
In the 1960s under Governor George Wallace, many whites in the state opposed integration efforts.
After 1972, the state's white voters moved much of their support to Republican candidates in presidential elections (as occurred in the neighbouring southern states).
Since 1990, the majority of white people in the state voted increasingly Republican in state elections.
Democrats are still the majority party in both legislative houses.
About three-fifth of the earth's surface is a gentle plain with a general descent to the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico.
The northern Alabama region is mainly mountainous, with the Tennessee River which cuts a large valley creating numerous streams, streams, rivers, mountains and lakes.
The neighbouring states of Alabama are Tenn. to the north; Georgia to the east; Florida south; and Mississippi west.
Alabama has a coast in the Gulf of Mexico, in the extreme south of the state.
Alabama extends from the sea level to Mobile Bay at more than 1,800 feet (550 m) in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast.
The highest point is Mount Cheaha, at a height of 2407 ft (734 m).
The land of Ala. consists of 22 million acres (89000 km2) of forest or 67% of total area.
Areas in Alabama administered by the National Park Service include Horseshoe Bend National Military Park near Alexander City; Little River Canyon National Preserve near Fort Payne; Russell Cave National Monument in Bridgeport; Tuskegee Airmen National Historic Site in Tuskegee; and Tuskegee Institute National Historic Site near Tuskegee.
A remarkable natural wonder in Alabama is Natural Bridge Rock, the longest natural bridge east of the Rockies, located south of Haleyville, in Winston County.
A meteorite impact crater 5 miles (8 km) is located in Elmore County, north of Montgomery.
This is the crater Wetumpka, which is the site of the largest natural disaster of Alabama.
The hills just east of the center of Wetumpka show the eroded remains of the impact crater that was impacted in the rock, with the area labeled the crater Wetumpka or astrobleme (star-wound) due to the concentric rings of fractures and crushed rock areas that can be found below the surface.
Temperatures tend to be warmer in the southern part of the state with its proximity to the Gulf of Mexico, while the northern parts of the state, especially in the mountains of the Appalachian in the north-east, tend to be slightly cooler.
Generally, Alabama has very hot summers and mild winters with abundant rainfall throughout the year.
Alabama receives an average of 56 inches (1400 mm) of rainfall each year and enjoys a long growing season up to 300 days in the southern part of the state.
Ala. is also prone to tropical storms and even hurricanes.
The areas of the state away from the Gulf are not immune to the effects of storms, which often discharge huge amounts of rain as they move inside and weaken.
Alabama is seventh in the number of lightning deaths and ninth in the number of deaths from lightning strikes per capita.
The Super Outbreak in March 1974 severely hit Ala..
The northern part of the state - along the Tennessee Valley -- is one of the most vulnerable areas in the United States to violent tornadoes.
Ala. is one of the few places in the world that has a secondary tornado season (November and December) along with the weather season in spring.
Although snow is a rare event in most of the Alabama, the state areas north of Montgomery can receive a snow dust sometimes every winter, with occasional moderately heavy snowfall every few years.
For example, the average annual snowfall for the Birmingham area is 2 inches per year.
On the southern Gulf coast, snowfall is less frequent, sometimes going several years without any snowfall.
The Census Bureau of the United States, from 1 July 2008, estimated the population of Alabama at 4,661,900, which represents an increase of 214.545, or 4.8%, from the last census of 2000.
Immigration from the outside of the United States caused a net increase of 31,180 people, and migration within the country produced a net gain of 73,811 people.
Working with Auburn University, the tribe began a revival of the Cherokee language.
The Mobile area is known for its large percentage of Catholics, due to the founding of the area as part of the French colony of La Louisiane and the subsequent history under Spanish rule.
The Southern Baptist Convention has the largest number of members in Alabama with 1,380.121, followed by the United Methodist Church with 327,734 members, and the Catholic Church with 150,647 adherents.
According to the US Economic Analysis Office, the total gross product 2008 was $ 170 billion, or $29,411 per capita.
Alabama's agricultural productions include poultry and eggs, cattle, nurseries, peanuts, cotton, cereals such as corn and sorghum, vegetables, milk, soybeans and peaches.
Alabama industrial productions include steel products (including cast iron and steel tube products); paper, timber and wood products; mining (especially coal); plastic products; car and truck; and clothing.
Ala. is part of the nation's largest industrial growth corridor.
Currently Alabama is the fourth place in the nation out of car.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the Birmingham economy was transformed by the University of Alabama in Birmingham (UAB)'s investments in bio-technology and medical research.
UAB is now the largest employer in the area and the largest in Ala, with a workforce of about 20,000.
Birmingham is also a major banking centre in the United States and the headquarters of Regions Financial Corporation, BBVA Compass and Superior Bancorp.
In November 2006, Regions Financial completed its merger with AmSouth Bancorporation, which was also based in Birmingham.
SouthTrust Corporation, another large bank based in Birmingham, was acquired by Wachovia in 2004 for $14.3 billion.
The city still has great operations for Wachovia and its post-op bank Wells Fargo, which includes a regional headquarters, a campus operating center and a $400 million data center.
Birmingham also serves as headquarters for several major investment management companies, including Harbert Management Corporation.
The main insurance providers include protective life, infinity & Casualty property, the Liberty National Life Insurance Company and the warranty.
Torchmark Corporation is based in the city until 2006, and still maintains its largest operation in the city.
Birmingham is also an electric power plant of construction and engineering companies.
Huntsville has a technology-based economy, the result of NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and Arsenal Redstone.
Huntsville's main economic influence comes from aerospace and military technology.
Sanmina-SCI has a great presence in the area.
Alabama withdraws a 2, 4, or 5 percent personal income tax, depending on the amount earned and the state of deposit, although taxpayers can deduct their federal income tax from their Alabama state tax.
For example, the total sales tax rate in Mobile is 9% and there is an additional 1% restaurant fee, which means that a diner in Mobile would pay a 10% fee on a meal.
Exciting sales and taxes in Alabama represent 51 percent of all state and local revenue, compared to an average of about 36 percent at national level.
Ala. is also one of the few remaining states that lends a tax on food and medicine.
The income tax on poor working families is among the highest in the nation.
[citation required] Ala. is the only state that levies tax on income on a four family with income from $4,600, which is just a quarter of the federal poverty line.
[citation required] Ala. 's threshold is the lowest between the 41 states and the District of Columbia with income taxes.
The federal, state and local tax burden in Ala. ranks the state as the second less taxed state in the country.
Since the tax structure of Alabama largely depends on consumer expenditure, it is subject to high variable budget structure.
For example, in 2003 Alabama had an annual budget deficit of 670 million dollars.
Another interstate road, I-22, is currently under construction.
When completed around 2012 he will connect Birmingham with Memphis, Tennessee.
Top airports in Alabama include Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport (BHM), Huntsville International Airport (HSV), Dothan Regional Airport (DHN), Mobile Regional Airport (MOB), Montgomery Regional Airport, Muscle Shoals -- Northwest Alabama Regional Airport, Tuscaloosa Regional Airport (TCL), and Pryor Field Regional Airport (DCU).
There is a significant movement to rewrite and modernize the constitution of Alabama.
This movement is based on the fact that the constitution of Alabama greatly centralizes power in Montgomery and leaves virtually no power in local hands.
Any political changes proposed around the state must be approved by the entire Alabama legislature and, often, by the state referendum.
The Alabama is divided into three equal branches: The legislative branch is the Alabama Legislatura, a bicameral assembly composed of the Alabama House of Representatives, with 105 members and the Alabama Senate, with 35 members.
He is headed by the governor of Alabama.
The highest court is the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Alabama has 67 counties.
Alabama is a state of control of alcoholic beverages; the government holds a monopoly on the sale of alcohol.
The current governor of the state is Republican Bob Riley.
Lieutenant Governor is Jim Folsom Jr.
The Supreme Court of Alabama is Democrat Sue Bell Cobb.
The Democratic Party currently holds a large majority in both Legislature houses.
The state voters rebelled against what they perceived as disagreement of their voting rights and elected Republican challenger Guy Hunt as governor.
Since then, Republicans have become increasingly competitive in Alabama politics.
Republicans have a majority of 8 -- 1 on the Alabama Supreme Court and have a majority of 5 -- 2 among the state-elect executive offices.
Most local offices in the state are still held by the Democrats.
Alabama's state policy gained national and international attention in the 1950s and 1960s during the American Civil Rights Movement, when whites of a bureaucratic majority, and sometimes violently resisted protests for electoral and social reform.
George Wallace, the governor of the state, remains a famous and controversial figure.
In 2007, the Alabama Legislature passed, and the Governor signed, a resolution expressing a deep regret over slavery and its persistent impact.
In 2004, George W. Bush won nine Alabama vote with a margin of 25 percentage points with 62.5% of the vote, mostly white voters.
Primary and secondary education in Alabama is under the overview of the Alabama Education Council and local supervision by 67 county school councils and 60 city education committees.
While Ala's public education system. has improved, is late compared to other states.
Alabama's higher education programs include 14 four-year public universities, two-year community colleges, and 17 private, university and university universities.
In the state are two medical schools (University of Alabama in Birmingham and South University of Alabama), two veterinary colleges (University of Auburn and Tuskegee University), a dental school (University of Alabama in Birmingham), a college of optometria (University of Alabama in Birmingham), two pharmacy schools (University of Auburn and Samford University), and five law schools (University of Alabama Law School
Achilles also has the attributes of being the most beautiful of the heroes gathered against Troy.
Later legends say that Achilles was invulnerable throughout his body except for his heel.
Zeus and Poseidon had been rivals for the hand of Tetheus until Prometheus, the fire-bringer, warned Zeus of a prophecy that Tete would bring a son greater than his father.
For this reason, the two gods retreated from pursuit, and his wife Peleus.
As for most mythology there is a story that offers an alternative version of these events: in Argonautica (iv.760) Hera alludes to the caste resistance of Tetis to the advances of Zeus, that Thetis was so loyal to the bond of marriage of Hera that she coldly rejected him.
In another version of this story, Thetis joined the boy in ambrosia and put him on a fire to burn the mortal parts of his body.
She was interrupted by Peleo and abandoned both father and son in anger.
However, none of the sources before Statius refers to this general invulnerability.
The first two lines of the Iliad read:
The humanization of Achilles from the events of the war is an important theme of narration.
In the resulting battle, Achilles gave Telefo a wound that would not heal; Telephon consulted an oracle, which stated that the wounded will heal.
Achilles refused, claiming he had no medical knowledge.
Odysseus thought that the spear had inflicted the wound; therefore, the spear must be able to heal it.
The pieces of the spear were scraped on the wound and Telefo was healed.
Despite his youth, he was one of the leading Trojan war leaders.
Yet Achilles, struck by the beauty of both Troilus and his sister Polyxena, and overcome with lust he directed his sexual attention on young people -- who refuse to yield found instead himself beheaded on an altar-omphalos of Apollo.
Later versions of the story suggested that Troilus was accidentally killed by Achilles in a hug of lovers too dark.
Ancient writers treated Troilus as the epitome of a dead child wept from his parents.
Agamemnon had taken a woman named Chryseis as her slave.
His father Chryses, a priest of Apollo, begged Agamemnon to return it.
The prophet Calchas correctly determined the source of problems, but would not speak if Achilles did not promise to protect him.
Achilles did so, and Calchas declared that Chryseis had to be returned to his father.
Agamemnon agreed and sent Odysseus and two other leaders, Ajax and Phoenix, to Achilles with the offer of the return of Briseis and other gifts.
After receiving news of Patroclus' death from Antilochus, Nestor's son, Achilles afflicted his cousin's death and held many funeral games in his honor.
His mother Thetis came to comfort the distraught Achilles.
He convinced Hephaestus to make a new armor for him, instead of the armor Patroclus had worn that he was taken.
Infuriated for the death of Patroclus, Achilles concluded his refusal to fight and took the field killing many men in his anger, but always looking for Hector.
Achilles also engaged in battle with the god of the Scamander River who got angry that Achilles was suffocating his waters with all the men he killed.
The god tried to drown Achilles, but was stopped by Hera and Hephaestus.
Finally Achilles found his prey.
After Hector realized the trick, he knew the battle was inevitable.
Wanting to go to fight, he accused Achille with his only weapon, his sword, but he missed.
Achilles told Hector that he was eager to expect that of him, stating that my anger, my fury would prompt me now to slap your flesh and eat you raw -- such agony that you caused me.
Achilles, after his temporary truce with Priam, fought and killed the Amazonian warrior queen Penthesilea, but later plagued her death.
Aethiopis is now lost, except for fragments quoted by later authors.
As Hector predicted with his dying breath, Achilles was then killed by Paris with an arrow (to the heel according to Statius).
In some versions, the Apollo god led the arrow of Paris.
Both versions consciously deny the killer any kind of value because of the common conception that Paris was a coward and not the man his brother Hector was, and Achilles remained undefended on the battlefield.
His bones were mixed with those of Patroclus, and funeral games were kept.
Priam is prepared because it would mean the end of war and an alliance with the world's greatest warrior.
But while Priam oversees the private marriage of Polyxena and Achilles, Paris that should give up Helen if Achilles marry her sister hides in the bushes and shoots Achilles with a divine arrow that kills him.
Achilles was cremated and his ashes buried in the same urn as those of Patroclus.
Paris was later killed by Philoctetes using the huge arch of Eracle.
Furious, Ajax cursed Odysseus, who earned the wrath of Athena.
Athena temporarily made Ajax so angry with pain and anguish that began to kill sheep, thinking that they are his companions.
After a while, when Athena raised his madness and Ajax realized that he had actually killed sheep, it was so embarrassed that he committed suicide.
Odysseus finally gave the armor to Neoptolemus, son of Achilles.
The city was visited in 333 BC by Alexander the Great, who imagined himself as the new Achilles and brought the Iliad with him, but his court biographers did not mention the spear, which would have actually touched with excitement.
In Iliad, they seemed to be generally represented as a model of deep and loyal friendship.
Pausanias was said that the island is covered with forests and full of animals, some wild, some dome.
This island is not inhabited, and the goats graze on it, not many, that the people who by chance arrive here with their ships, sacrifice to Achilles.
In this temple there are also many holy gifts, craters, rings and precious stones, offered to Achilles in gratitude.
Some of these are pronounced in honor of Patroclus, because those who wish to be favored by Achilles, honor Patroclus at the same time.
To some of the people who come to this island, Achilles appears in dreams, to others also appears during their navigation, if they were not too far away, and educates them on which part of the island would be better to anchor their ships.
The heroic cult of Achilles on the island of Leuce was widespread in antiquity, not only along the sea lanes of the Pontic Sea but also in maritime cities whose economic interests were closely linked to the riches of the Black Sea.
Leuce also had a reputation as a healing place.
Ammianus Marcellinus attributes healing to the island's (water) waters.
This elegant structure abounds in paintings and statues of Achilles both in the main hall and in the sumptuous gardens depicting the heroic and tragic scenes of the Trojan War.
Some post-omeric sources argue that to keep Achilles safe from war, Thetis (or, in some versions, Peleus) hides the young man at the court of Lycomedes, king of Skyros.
With the daughter of Lycomedes, Deidamia, who in the tale of violent Statio, Achille there father a son, Neoptolemus.
Odysseus goes to Skyros in the guise of a peddler who sells clothes and jewelry of women and puts a shield and throws among his goods.
In another version of the story, Odysseus organizes a trumpet alarm to play while he was with Lycomedes women; While women fled into panic, Achilles prepares to defend the court, thus giving its identity.
In Book 11 of Homer's Odysseus, Odysseus sails up and converses with shadows.
One of these is Achilles, who, hailed as blessed in life, blessed in death, responds that he would rather be slave to the worst of the masters than be king of all the dead.
But Achilles then asks Odysseus of his son's business in the Trojan War, and when Odysseus tells of the heroic actions of Neoptolemus, Achilles is full of satisfaction.
This leaves the reader with an ambiguous understanding of how Achilles felt about heroic life.
The kings of the Epirus claimed to descend from Achilles through his son, Neoptolemus.
In some versions of the myth, Achilles has a relationship with his prisoner Briseis.
Tragedies concern the actions of Achilles during the Trojan War, including his defeat of Hector and possible death when an arrow hit by Paris and led by Apollo pierces his heel.
The role of Achilles was interpreted by:
Achilles has often been mentioned in music.
Lincoln had carefully supervised the victorious war effort, in particular the selection of the best generals, including Ulysses S. Grant.
Lincoln successfully defined Trent's story, a war scam with Britain in 1861.
Copperheads and other war opponents criticized Lincoln for refusing to compromise the issue of slavery.
Even with these opponents, Lincoln successfully strengthened public opinion through his rhetoric and speeches; his Gettysburg Address (1863) became an iconic symbol of the nation's duty.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, in Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Lincoln (née Hanks), two farmers, in a log cabin of a room on 348-acre (1.4 km2) Sinking Spring Farm in Hardin Southeast County, Kentucky (now part of LaRue County), making it the first president born west.
Lincoln wasn't given a second name.
Thomas Lincoln was a respected rural Kentucky citizen.
He owned several farms, including the Sinking Spring Farm, although he was not rich.
Abraham himself has never joined their church, or any other church.
Lincoln then noted that this move was partly due to slavery, and partly due to the difficulties with Earth's actions in Kentucky.
Abraham's father disapproved slavery for religious reasons and it was difficult to compete economically with farms run by slaves.
Unlike the land in the North-West Territory, Kentucky has never had a real survey of the United States, and farmers have often had difficulty showing the title to their property.
When Lincoln was nine, his mother, then 34, died of milk sickness.
Shortly thereafter, his father remarried at Sarah Bush Johnston.
Lincoln and his stepmother were close; called his Mother for the rest of his life, but he became more and more distant from his father.
Abraham felt that his father was not a success, and he did not want to be like him.
In 1830, fearing an epidemic of milk disease, the family settled on public land in Macon County, Ill.
In the same year, hired by the businessman of New Salem Denton Offutt and accompanied by friends, took goods from New Salem to New Orleans via flatboat on the rivers Sangamon, Illinois and Mississippi.
Lincoln's formal education consisted of about 18 months of school; but he was a greedy reader and largely self-education.
Lincoln avoided hunting and fishing because he did not like to kill animals, even for food.
Lincoln's first love was Ann Rutledge.
She met her when she moved to New Salem, and in 1835 they reached a romantic understanding.
Rutledge, however, died on August 25, probably of typhoid fever.
In 1840, Lincoln became engaged to Mary Todd, a wealthy slave family based in Lexington, Kentucky.
Lincoln soon had a family in grass, with the birth of his son Robert Todd Lincoln in Springfield, Ill. on 1 August 1843, and the second son Edward Baker Lincoln on 10 March 1846, also in Springfield.
According to a girl from home, Abraham was greatly fond of children.
Lincoln did not believe in strict rules and tight boundaries when he came to their children.
Robert, however, would be the only son of Lincoln to survive adulthood.
Edward Lincoln died on February 1, 1850 in Springfield, probably tuberculosis.
Lincoln's pain for this loss was somewhat attenuated by the birth of William Willie Wallace Lincoln almost eleven months later, on December 21st.
Lincoln's fourth son, Thomas Tad Lincoln, was born on April 4, 1853, and although he survived his father, he died at age 18 on July 16, 1871 in Chicago.
Robert Lincoln eventually went to Phillips Exeter Academy and Harvard College.
His last known lineage, Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith, died December 24, 1985.
Later in his life, Mary Todd Lincoln found himself unable to deal with the stresses of losing her husband and children, and this (in conjunction with what some historians think was pre-existing bipolar disorder) eventually led Robert Lincoln to unintentionally engage in a mental health asylum in 1875.
Abraham Lincoln himself was described simultaneously as suffering from melancholy throughout his legal and political life, a condition that modern mental health professionals now typically characterize as clinical depression.
Lincoln began his political career in March 1832 at 23 when he announced his candidacy for the Illinois General Assembly.
He was estimated by New Salem residents, but he had no training, powerful friends, or money.
The center of its platform was the commitment of navigation improvements on the river Sangamon.
Before the election he served as captain in a company of Illinois militia during the Black Hawk War, although he never saw the fight.
Lincoln returned from the militia after a few months and was able to campaign throughout the county before the August 6 elections.
When the votes were counted, Lincoln finished eighth on thirteen candidates (only the first four were elected), but managed to secure 277 out of the 300 votes cast in the New Salem district.
He was labeled as Whig, but he did a bipartisan campaign.
He then decided to become a lawyer, and began teaching himself by reading Commentaries on the Laws of England.
Admitted to the bar in 1837, he moved to Springfield, Ill, which April, and began practicing the law with John T. Stuart, Mary Todd's cousin, who left Lincoln to run his legal library while studying to be a lawyer.
With a reputation as a formidable opponent during cross examinations and closing arguments, Lincoln became a successful and capable lawyer.
In 1841, Lincoln entered into practice with William Herndon, who Lincoln thought of a young scholar.
He served four successive terms in the House of Representatives of Illinois as representative of Sangamon County, affiliated to the Whig Party.
Lincoln was a Whig, and since the early 1830s he strongly admired Henry Clay's policies and leadership.
I've always been an old Henry Clay. Whig professed to friends in 1861.
He used his office as an opportunity to speak against the Mexican war -- American, which attributed to the desire of President Polk of military glory -- that attractive rainbow, which rises in blood showers.
The Congress never issued the resolution or even discussed, and its introduction resulted in a loss of political support for Lincoln in its district; a newspaper from Illinois deristly nicknamed Lincoln spotty.
In Springfield, Lincoln transformed most of his energies to do a living law, occupying all sorts of activities that could come before a prairie lawyer.
His reputation grew, and appeared before the U.S. Supreme Court, claiming a case involving a sinking canal boat after hitting a bridge.
Lincoln represented numerous transport interests, such as river barges and railways.
As a sailboat man, Lincoln initially favored the interests of the river boats, but ultimately represented anyone who hired him.
Lincoln's goal was to reduce the draft of a river boat by pushing horizontal floats into the water next to the hull.
The idea has never been marketed, but Lincoln is still the only person to hold a patent and serve as president of the United States.
Lincoln appeared before the Supreme Court of Illinois 175 times, 51 times as the only council, of which 31 were decided in his favor.
The case is famous for Lincoln's use of court notice to show an eyewitness had lied on the counter.
After the witness testified that he saw the crime at the moonlight, Lincoln produced an Almanac of farmers to prove that the moon at that date was so low that he could not produce enough lighting to see anything clearly.
Based on this evidence, Armstrong was acquitted.
Lincoln returned to politics in response to the Kansas-Nebraska law (1854), which expressly repealed the limits of slavery to the extent established by the Missouri Compromise (1820).
On October 16, 1854, Peoria Speech, Lincoln described his position on slavery that he would repeat over the next six years on the road to the presidency.
According to a story from the speech newspaper, Lincoln spoke with a subtle voice of high-pressure falsetto of much carrying power, which could be heard long distance despite the hustle and bustle of the crowd... [with] the accent and the peculiar pronunciation of his native state, Kentucky.
The Whigs were irreparably separated from the Kansas-Nebraska Act.
I think I'm a Whig, but others say there's no Whigs, and I'm an abolitionist, even if I'm no longer opposed to opposing the expansion of slavery he said.
At the Republican Convention in 1856, Lincoln placed the second position in the competition to become the party candidate for the vice president.
(Mark 3:25) I believe that this government cannot endure half a slave and a half free.
The speech created an evocative image of the danger of disunion caused by the debate on slavery, and devastated the Republicans throughout the north.
The 1858 campaign presented Lincoln - Douglas debates, generally considered the most famous political debate in American history.
However, Lincoln's definition of issues gave him a national political reputation.
In one of the most important speeches of his career, Lincoln showed that he was a contender for Republican presidential nomination.
At this congress, Lincoln received his first support to apply for the presidency.
On May 18, at the Republican National Convention of 1860 in Chicago, Lincoln emerged as a Republican candidate for the third ballot, beating candidates like William H. Seward and Salmon P. Chase.
Because Lincoln won the nomination was the subject of debate.
His views on slavery were more moderate than those of rivals Seward and Chase.
Some believe that Seward lost more than Lincoln, including Seward himself.
Others attribute it to fortune, and the fact that the convention was held in Lincoln's home state.
The historian Doris Kearns Goodwin believes that the real reason was Lincoln's ability as a politician.
In the 1850s Lincoln refused that there would be a civil war, and his supporters repeatedly rejected the claims that his election would incite the secession.
While Douglas beat the country, Lincoln was the only one of the four main candidates not to make speeches.
There were thousands of Republican speakers who first focused on the party's platform, and second on Lincoln's life story, underlining his childhood poverty.
A Chicago Tribune writer produced a booklet that developed Lincoln's life and sold a million copies.
It was during this campaign that Lincoln became the first president to put his photo on a campaign button.
Lincoln received 1,866,452 votes, Douglas 1,376,957 votes, Breckinridge 849,781 votes, and Bell 588.789 votes.
The vote was decisive: Lincoln had 180 and his opponents added together had only 123.
Abraham Lincoln's election was a watershed in the balance of the power of national and parish interests and affiliations.
The seven states soon declared themselves a new nation, the Confederate States of America.
President Buchanan and President Lincoln refused to recognize the Confederation.
Compromise attempts were discussed, such as the Crittenden Compromise that would extend the Missouri line of 1820.
The Confederate States of America elected Jefferson Davis on 9 February 1861, as their provisional president.
This amendment, which explicitly protected slavery in those states where it had already existed, was considered by Lincoln as a possible way to remove the secession.
The failure of the Peace Conference of 1861 made the legislative compromise virtually impossible.
Buchanan may have allowed southern states to secede, and some members of his cabinet recommended it.
North Carolina, Tenn and Ark also voted for secession in the next two months.
Missouri, Kentucky, and Md. threatened secession, but neither Del's slave state.
George William Brown, Baltimore Mayor and other political suspects of Maryland were arrested and imprisoned at Fort McHenry.
One, Clement Vallandigham, was exiled, but the rest was released, usually after two or three months.
Despite his inexperience in military affairs, Lincoln immediately took an active part in determining the war strategy.
McClellan, a young graduate and railway manager West Point called back to active military service, took a more prudent approach.
Lincoln insisted on holding some of McClellan's troops to defend the capital, a decision that McClellan blamed for the last failure of the Peninsula campaign.
Pope respected Lincoln's strategic desire to move to Richmond from the north, thus protecting the capital from the attack.
In response to his failure, Pope was sent to Minn to fight the Sioux.
Burnside was politically neutral, that Lincoln desired, and mostly supported the president's goals.
Burnside promised to follow Lincoln's strategic vision for a strong offensive against Lee and Richmond.
After Burnside was defeated in Fredericksburg in December, Joseph Hooker took command, despite his story of dismissed speeches and criticizing former commanders.
Hooker was routed by Lee in the Battle of Chancellorsville in May 1863, but continued to command his troops for about two months.
Hooker disagrees with Lincoln's desire to divide his troops, and perhaps Lee's strength to do the same, and held his resignation, which was accepted.
During the Gettysburg campaign he was replaced by George Meade.
In a letter to Andrew Johnson, Tennessee's military governor, encouraging him to lead the way in raising black troops, Lincoln wrote, The naked view of fifty thousand armed soldiers, and perforated black soldiers on the shores of Mississippi would end the rebellion immediately.
Responding to Grant's criticism after the Battle of Shiloh in 1862, Lincoln said, I cannot spare him.
Grant bet his damn campaign in 1864.
I propose to fight him on this line if it takes all summer, Grant replied.
The Confederacy was out of the substitutes, so Lee's army crashed with every battle, forcing him to trenches outside Petersburg.
In April 1865, Lee's army broke under Grant's beat and Richmond fell.
The damage caused by Sherman's March to the sea through Georgia has totaled more than $100 million from the general's estimate.
Lincoln took the need to control strategic points (such as the Mississippi River and the fortress city of Vicksburg) and understood the importance of defeating the enemy army rather than simply capturing the territory.
However, he had limited success in motivating his commanders to adopt his strategies until the end of 1863, when he found a man who shared his vision of war at Ulysses S. Grant.
Two days a week, Lincoln would meet his cabinet in the afternoon, and occasionally his wife would have forced him to ride a carriage because he was worried that he was working too hard.
Throughout the war, Lincoln showed an intense interest in military campaigns.
He was expected to cause the possible extinction of slavery by stopping its further expansion in any U.S. territory, and persuaded states to accept compensated emancipation if the state excluded slavery.
In it, he stated that, as an adequate and necessary military measure on 1 January 1863, all persons held as slaves in the Confederate States will then, and forever, be free.
Lincoln said later: I have never, in my life, felt more confident that I was doing well, than I do not sign this paper.
For some time, Lincoln continued his previous plans to create colonies for newly liberated slaves.
As Frederick Douglass observed, Lincoln was, The first great man I spoke to in the United States freely that in no case reminded me of the difference between myself and myself, of the difference in color.
Lincoln's military drafts of 1863 were considered obnoxious among many in the north, especially immigrants.
The New York Draft Riots of July 1863 were the most remarkable manifestation of this discontent.
Therefore, in the fall of 1863, Lincoln's main goal was to support public support for the war effort.
This goal became the center of his speech at the Gettysburg cemetery on 19 November.
The Gettysburg Address is one of the most quoted speeches in the history of the United States.
The address carefully made by Abraham Lincoln, secondary to other presentations that day, was considered as one of the greatest speeches in American history.
In just over two minutes, Lincoln invoked the principles of human equality experied by the Declaration of Independence and redefined civil war as a struggle not only for the Union, but as a new birth of freedom that would bring true equality to all its citizens, and that it would also create a unified nation in which the rights of states were no longer dominant.
However, Republicans throughout the country feared Lincoln would be defeated.
Lincoln didn't show his cabinet commitment, but he asked them to sign the sealed envelope.
Lincoln provided Grant with new replacements and mobilized his party to support Grant and conquer local support for the war effort.
Right now, a rebel victory was at hand, slavery was dead, and Lincoln was looking at the future.
Of particular importance were Tennessee, where Lincoln appointed Andrew Johnson as governor, and Louisiana, where Lincoln attempted a plan that would restore the condition when 10% of voters decided to do so.
This allowed the president to give in person with Grant and Sherman about the end of hostilities (as Sherman accidentally ran a quick visit to Grant from his forces in North Carolina at the same time).
He was welcomed in the city as a conqueror hero by freed slaves, whose feelings were epitomized by a quotation of admirer, I know I am free because I saw the face of Father Abraham and I heard him.
Lincoln's rhetoric called war issues for the nation, the world, and posterity.
Gettysburg's address challenged Lincoln's prediction that the world unknown, or long remember what we say here.
In recent years, historians have underlined the use of Lincoln and the redefinition of Republican values.
However, in 1861 Lincoln justified the war in terms of legalism, and then in terms of national duty to ensure a republican form of government in every state.
While some critics say that Lincoln moved too quickly, they agree that he dedicated the nation to the values that marked a new foundation of the nation.
In 1861, Lincoln signed the second and third Morrill tariff (the first had become law under James Buchanan).
Lincoln also presided over the expansion of the federal government's economic influence in several other areas.
The establishment of the National Banking Acts system of 1863, 1864 and 1865 allowed the creation of a strong national financial system.
The last announcement was during the presidency of James Madison fifty years earlier.
After attending an April 11 speech in which Lincoln promoted black voting rights, an incense Booth changed his plans and decided to assassinate the president.
Learning that the President and First Lady would be present at the Ford's Theatre, he laid down his plans, assigning his conspirators to assassinate Vice President Andrew Johnson and Secretary of State William H. Seward.
Without his chief bodyguard Ward Hill Lamon, who tied his famous dream about his own murder, Lincoln left to participate in the game Our American Cousin on April 14, 1865.
While a solitary bodyguard wandered, and Lincoln sat in his state box in the balcony, Booth clinged behind the president and waited for what he thought was the funniest line of the game (You sock-dologizing old man-trap), hoping that the laughter would confuse the noise of the shooting.
When the laughter started, Booth jumped into the box and pointed a .44 single stroke, round (11 mm) Deringer caliber to the head, shooting at peak range.
Major Henry Rathbone is momentarily grappad with Booth, but was cut by Booth's knife.
Booth stood up on stage and shouted Sic semper tyrannis!
(Latin: So always at tyrants) and fled, despite suffering a broken leg in the jump.
He was eventually put in a Va. barn house and shot, dying of his injuries shortly after.
The president was taken across the theater to the House Petersen, where he was in a coma for nine hours before he died.
Many doctors attended Lincoln, including General Joseph K. Barnes of the Medical Museum.
Lincoln never regained consciousness and was pronounced dead at 7:22:10 on 15 April 1865.
Lincoln's body was transported by train in a large funeral procession through several states on his way back to Illinois.
Lincoln's tomb in the Oak Ridge cemetery in Springfield, Ill., is 177 feet tall (54 m) and, in 1874, was surmounted with several bronze statues of Lincoln.
To avoid repeated attempts to steal Lincoln's body and keep it for ransom, Robert Todd Lincoln had him re-exhumed and re-interrupted in concrete of several feet thick in 1901.
The philosophical basis for Lincoln's beliefs about slavery and other issues of the day requires Lincoln to be seriously examined as a man of ideas.
Lincoln was a strong supporter of the American Whig version of liberal capitalism.
There were few people who strongly or directly influenced Lincoln's moral and intellectual development and prospects.
There was no teacher, mentor, church leader, community leader, or peer that Lincoln would credit in the following years as a strong influence on his intellectual development.
In the absence of formal training, Lincoln's personal philosophy was shaped by a surprisingly revisited memory and a passion for reading and learning.
It was Lincoln's reading, rather than his relationships, which were more influential in shaping his personal beliefs.
In 1846 Lincoln described the effect of this doctrine as that the human mind is pushed to action, or held rest by some power, on which the mind itself has no control.
While Lincoln matured, and especially during his term as president, the idea of a divine will somehow interact with human affairs increasingly influenced his public expressions.
In accordance with the common practice of the Whig party, Lincoln would often use the Declaration of Independence as a philosophical and moral expression of these two philosophies.
In asserting that all men were created free, Lincoln and the Whigs claimed that this freedom required economic progress, expanded education, the territory to grow, and the nation's ability to absorb the growing immigrant population.
He saw the Declaration as more than a political document.
Among contemporary admirers, Lincoln is generally seen as personifying classic values of honesty and integrity, as well as respect for individual and minority rights, and human freedom in general.
The car brand Lincoln also takes its name from him.
The missile submarine Abraham Lincoln (SSBN-602) and air carrier Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) were named in his honor.
During the Spanish Civil War, the American faction of the International Brigades was called the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.
Lincoln was commemorated in many cities, cities and county names, including the capital of Nebraska.
Lincoln, Illinois, is the only city to be named for Abraham Lincoln before becoming president.
Lincoln's name and image appear in many places.
In addition, New Salem, Illinois (a reconstruction of Lincoln's first adult city), Ford's Theatre, and Petersen House (where he died) are all preserved as museums.
The state nickname for Illinois is Land of Lincoln; the slogan has continually appeared on almost all Illinois plates issued since 1954.
Abraham Lincoln's birthday, on February 12, was never a national holiday, but was observed by 30 states.
When I-80 was completed in 1969, the head was moved to the current site.
Aristotle was born in Stageira, Chalcidice, in 384 BC, about 55 km (34 mi) east of the modern Thessaloniki.
At the age of eighteen, he went to Athens to continue his training at the Plato Academy.
Aristotle married Hermias' adopted daughter Pythias.
He gave birth to a daughter named Pythias.
Aristotle was appointed head of Macedon's royal academy.
From 335 BC he returned to Athens, establishing his school there known as the Lycée.
However, he died in Euboea of natural causes by the year (in 322 BC).
Aristotle appointed executor his pupil Antipater and left a will in which he asked to be buried next to his wife.
Plato also had difficulties with logic; Although he had a reasonable conception of a deductive system, he could never build one and instead relied on his dialectic.
Plato believed that deduction would simply follow the premises, so he focused on maintaining solid premises so that the conclusion would logically follow.
As a result, Plato realized that a method of obtaining conclusions would be more beneficial.
Aristotle, however, found the universal in particular things, which called the essence of things, while Plato discovers that the universal exists apart from particular things, and is linked to them as their prototype or exemplary.
For example, in his History of Animals he said that human males have more teeth than females and in the Generation of Animals he said that the female is like a deformed male.
All further investigations on causality will consist of placing the preferred hierarchy on the causes of order, such as the final material > efficient > formal (Thomas Aquinas), or limiting all causality to material and efficient causes or efficient causality (deterministic or casual) or simply to regular sequences and correlations of natural phenomena (natural sciences that describe how things happen and explain reasons).
The predecessor of Aristotle, Plato, argued that all things have a universal form, which could be a property, or a relationship with other things.
Plato claimed that there are some universal forms that are not part of particular things.
Bertrand Russell is a contemporary philosopher who agreed with Plato on the existence of unstable universals.
Aristotle did not agree with Plato on this point, claiming that all universals are instigated.
Aristotle certainly did research on the natural history of Lesbos, and the surrounding seas and surrounding areas.
The works that reflect this research, such as Animal History, Animal Generation, and Animal Parts, contain some observations and interpretations, along with myths and errors.
The most striking passages are the marine life visible from the observation on Lesbos and available from the catches of fishermen.
Many of the names of Theophrastus survive in modern times, such as fruit carpos, and pericarpion for the seed pot.
Theophrastus also recognized the role of sex in the reproduction of some higher plants, although this last discovery was lost in later years.
After Theophrastus, the Lycée failed to produce any original work.
Herophile also distinguished himself between veins and arteries, noting that the latter wrist while the first does not.
Aristotle concludes Poesia with a discussion on which, if both, is superior: epic or tragic mimesis.
According to the story, Apellicon tried to repair some of the damages that were done during the stay of manuscripts in the basement, introducing a number of errors in the text.
First, the condition of the texts is too good for them to have suffered considerable damages followed by Apellicon's inexperienced attempt to repair.
Secondly, there is an uncontrollable proof, says the Lord, that the treatises were in circulation during the time when Strabo and Plutarch suggest that they were confined within the cellar of Scepsis.
And fourth, ancient library catalogues that predate the Andronicus intervention list a corpus aristotelian very similar to what we currently possess.
The influence of Aristotle Alexander the Great is seen in the latter's leading with him in his expedition a series of zoologists, botanists and researchers.
His supposition continued inexamined at Galen and others for almost two thousand years until the 16th century.
In places like Sparta where most women are bad, there can be only half happiness in society.
Inspired by the time that Gershwin had spent in Paris, it is in the form of an extended poem that evokes the attractions and energy of the French capital in the 1920s.
It is one of the best known compositions of Gershwin.
Gershwin composed the piece on commission of the New York Philharmonic.
Gershwin brought back some Parisian taxi trumpets for New York's premiere of the composition that took place on December 13, 1928 in Carnegie Hall with Walter Damrosch directing the New York Philharmonic.
Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra recorded the work for RCA Victor, including one of the first stereo recordings of music.
A part of the symphonic composition is also present in As Good as It Gets, published in 1997.
The Oscar Awards are the oldest award ceremony for successes in motion images.
The Academy Award for Best Art Direction recognizes artistic success on a film.
The films below are listed with their year of production, so the Oscar 2000 for the best artistic direction went to a film since 1999.
The Academy Awards (known recently as Oscar) are accompanied by the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognise the excellence of film professionals, including filmmakers, actors and writers.
The 1st Academy Awards ceremony was held on May 16, 1929, at the Roosevelt Hotel in Hollywood to honor the exceptional results of the 1927-1928 film season.
It was hosted by actor Douglas Fairbanks and director William C. deMille.
The 82nd award ceremony of the Oscars, honoring the best films for 2009, was held on Sunday, March 7, 2010, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, with actors Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin hosting the ceremony.
The first prizes were presented on May 16, 1929, in a private brunch at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel with an audience of about 26 people.
Since 2002, the awards have been broadcast by the Kodak Theatre.
Honored professionals have been rewarded for all the work done in a certain category for the qualification period; For example, Emil Jannings received the award for two films he starred in during that period.
Since the 82nd award ceremony of the Oscars held in 2010, 1.825 awards were awarded for a total of 2.789 Oscars.
The only addition to the Oscar since it was created is a smaller streamlinement of the base.
In support of the American effort in World War II, the statuettes were made of chalk and were exchanged for the gold ones after the end of the war.
The root of the name Oscar is disputed.
At the end of the day he asked, what should we do with Oscar, put him in the vault?
Oscar prizes not protected by this agreement were sold in public auctions and private offers for six-digit sums.
This rule is highly controversial, since while the Oscar is under the ownership of the recipient, it is essentially not on the open market.
Michael Todd's niece case trying to sell Todd's Oscar figurine shows that there are many who disagree with this idea.
Since 2004, the Academy Award nomination results have been announced to the public at the end of January.
In the special case of Best Picture, all voting members can select candidates for that category.
Members of the various branches appoint those in their respective fields, while all members may apply for Best Picture.
The winners are then determined by a second round of voting in which all members are then allowed to vote in most categories, including Best Picture.
(The artists who recorded the candidates for Best Original Song quite often perform those live songs at the award ceremony, and the fact that they perform is often used to promote television broadcasting).
The 2007 ceremony was observed by over 40 million Americans.
ABC again assumed the transmission functions in 1976; it is under contract to do so through the year 2014.
After more than sixty years of detention at the end of March or early April, the ceremonies were moved until the end of February or early March from 2004 to help interrupt and shorten the intense lobby and advertising campaigns associated with the Oscar season in the film industry.
The previous date is also to the advantage of ABC, as now usually occurs during the highly profitable and important period of February sweeps.
(Some years, the ceremony is moved to the beginning of March in deference to the Winter Olympics. )
This section led to some criticisms for omission of important people such as Leonard Schrader and Malcolm Arnold in 2007 and Gene Barry, Farrah Fawcett, Henry Gibson and Bea Arthur in 2010.
Since 2002, celebrities have been seen arriving at the Academy Awards in hybrid vehicles; during the 79th Academy Awards telecast in 2007, Leonardo DiCaprio and former vice president Al Gore announced that ecologically intelligent practices had been integrated into the planning and execution of the Oscar presentation and several related events.
In 2010, Oscar-winning organizers announced that acceptance speeches should not exceed 45 seconds.
The 78th Academy Awards that awarded the independent Crash film, low-budget, generated an audience of 38.64 million people with a family rating of 22.91%.
In 2008, the 80th Academy Awards telecast was seen by 31.76 million viewers on average with an 18.66% family rating, the lowest and least observed ceremony until today, despite celebrating 80 years of the Academy Awards.
The winner of the Best Picture of that particular ceremony was another low-budget film, independently funded (No Country for Old Men).
In 1929, the 1st Academy Awards were presented at a banquet dinner at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel.
From 1930 to 1943, the awards were first presented at the Hollywood Hotel Ambassador, and then at the Biltmore Hotel in downtown Los Angeles.
The Chinese Theatre of Grauman in Hollywood hosted the awards from 1944 to 1946, followed by the Auditorium of the Sanctuary of Los Angeles from 1947 to 1948.
From 1950 to 1960, the awards were presented at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood.
In 2002, Hollywood Kodak The theatre became the permanent seat of the awards.
Due to the positive exposure and prestige of the ceremony, studies spend millions of dollars and hire advertisers specifically to promote their films for Oscar.
This generated Oscar charges that are more influenced by marketing than by quality.
Director William Friedkin, winner of the Oscar and producer of the Academy Awards, expressed this feeling at a conference in New York in 2009.
It featured the Academy Awards as the biggest promotion program that any industry ever designed for itself.
In addition, some critical winners of the Oscar Awards boycotted ceremonies and refused to accept their Oscars.
The first to do so was Dudley Nichols (Best Writing in 1935 for The Informer).
George C. Scott became the second person to refuse his award at the 43rd Academy Awards.
Scott explained: This whole thing is a goddamn meat show.
At the 45th Academy Awards ceremony, Brando sent Sacheen Littlefeather to read a 15-page speech describing Brando's criticism.
It has been observed that many of the Academy Award winners - especially Best Picture -- have not resisted the test of time nor have defeated the most important efforts.
Best Picture is not the only category to come under criticism.
The Oscar Awards have also been disparate to have a bias towards some types of film achievements and genres.
The Best Picture Award has never been awarded to a noir film, science fiction or animated film; and rarely are horror, fantasy, comedy and westerns recognized by AMPAS.
Actrius is a 1996 film directed by Ventura Pons.
Animal is an illustrated book for children of Graeme Base.
Animal is an alphabetic book alliterative and contains twenty-six illustrations, one for each letter of the alphabet.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) combines these measures to retrospectively calculate the weighted average forming the most stable time scale possible.
The term was originally coined by the founding sociologist and philosopher of science, Auguste Comte, and became an important topic for psychologists (especially researchers of evolutionary psychology), evolutionary biologists and ethologists.
Although it might seem obvious that altruism is central to the teachings of Jesus, an important and influential thread of Christianity would qualify this.
Thomas Jay Oord supported in several books that altruism is only a possible form of love.
The importance lies in the sacrifice for the greater good; Islam considers those who practice the 'thar as dwelling by the highest degree of nobility.
A constant concern for Allah results in a careful attitude towards people, animals and other things in this world.
Judaism defines altruism as the desired goal of creation.
The famous rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook stated that love is the most important attribute in humanity.
The modern Cabal developed by Rabbi Yehuda Ashlag, in his writings on the future generation, focuses on how society could reach an altruistic social framework.
Ashlag proposed that this picture is the purpose of creation, and all that happens is to raise humanity to the level of altruism, love for one another.
Ashlag focused on society and its relationship with deity.
I was giving water to the wounded because I saw your face in all of them, Bhai Kanhaiya answered.
In the study published in the February 2007 issue of Nature Neuroscience, researchers found a part of the brain that behaves differently for altruist and selfish people.
Bowles has assembled genetic, climatic, archaeological, ethnographic and experimental data to examine the cost-benefit ratio of human cooperation in ancient populations.
He achieved fame in 1943 with his novel The Fountainhead, which in 1957 was followed by his most famous work, the philosophical novel Atlas Shrugged.
The political opinions of Rand, reflected both in its fiction and theoretical work, emphasize individual rights (including property rights) and secular capitalism, imposed by a constitutionally limited government.
Rand was born Alisa Zinov'yevna Rosenbaum in 1905, to a bourgeois family living in St. Petersburg.
Rand was twelve years old at the time of the Russian Revolution of 1917.
Rand's family life was shocked by the rise of the Bolshevik party under Vladimir Lenin.
The father's pharmacy was confiscated by the Bolsheviks, and the family fled to Crimea, which was initially under the control of the white army during the Russian Civil War.
After graduating in high school in Crimea, he briefly held a job teaching Red Army soldiers to read.
At age 16, Rand returned with his family to St. Petersburg.
A third figure whose philosophical works strongly studied was Friedrich Nietzsche.
Among the writers he read right now, Victor Hugo, Edmond Rostand, Friedrich Schiller, and Fyodor Dostoevsky became his perennial favorites.
However, after complaints from a group of visiting foreign scientists, some of the purified students were allowed to complete their work and graduation, which Rand did in October 1924.
For one of his duties, he wrote an essay on actress Pula Negri, who became his first published work.
She was so impressed by Manhattan's skyline when she arrived, shouting what she later called tears of splendor.
Rand scholars interpreted his notes for this book as proof of his early admiration of Friedrich Nietzsche's ideas.
However, the novel has never been completed and none of the other projects have been produced or published during the life of Rand.
Rand's first literary success came with the sale of his script Red Pawn to Universal Studios in 1932.
Josef Von Sternberg considered it for Marlene Dietrich, but anti-Soviet themes were unpopular at the moment, and the project came to nothing.
In 1941, Paramount Pictures produced a film version of the game.
Rand did not participate in production and was highly critical of the result.
His first novel, the semi-autobiographical We the Living, was published in 1936 by Macmillan.
Located in communist Russia, he focused on the struggle between the individual and the state.
In the preface to the novel, Rand stated that We the Living is similar to an autobiography as I will ever write.
During the 1940s, Rand became involved in political activism.
Despite his philosophical differences with them, Rand strongly supported the writings of both men during his career, and both expressed admiration for her.
Once von Mises referred to Rand as the bravest man in America, a compliment that particularly pleased her because she said 'man' instead of 'woman'.
He also developed a friendship with libertarian writer Isabel Paterson.
The first great success of Rand as a writer came with The Fountainhead in 1943, a romantic and philosophical novel that he wrote for a period of seven years.
Her use of the drug allowed her to work long hours to meet her deadline to deliver the finished novel to Bobbs-Merrill, but when the book was made she was so exhausted that her doctor ordered two weeks off.
Fountainhead became a worldwide success, bringing Rand fame and financial security.
Rand also outlined and taken extensive notes for a non-fiction treatment of his philosophy, although the planned book has never been completed.
There, Rand entertained figures such as Hazlitt, Morrie Ryskind, Albert Mannheimer and Leonard Read.
Despite their breakup, Rand continued to promote the God of the Paterson Machine.
His testimony described the disparity between his personal experiences in the Soviet Union and his portrayal in the 1944 film Song of Russia.
Rand argued that the film grossly represented the conditions in the Soviet Union, portraying life there as being much better and happier than it actually was.
When asked about his feelings about the effectiveness of investigations after hearings, Rand described the process as futile.
After several delays, the film version of The Fountainhead was released in 1949.
Although she used Rand's screenplay with minimal changes, she didn't like the film from the beginning to the end, complaining about its modification, acting and other elements.
After the publication of The Fountainhead, Rand received numerous letters from readers, some of whom had profoundly influenced.
At first the group was an informal meeting of friends who met Rand on weekends in his apartment to discuss philosophy.
Later he began to allow them to read the drafts of his new novel, Atlas Shrugged, as the manuscript pages were written.
In 1954 Rand's close relationship with the younger Nathaniel Branden became a romantic relationship, with the consent of their spouses.
Atlas Shrugged, published in 1957, was the magnum opus of Rand.
Rand described the theme of the novel as the role of the mind in the existence of man -- and, as a corollary, the demonstration of a new moral philosophy: the morality of the interest of rational self.
The hero of the novel and leader of the strike, John Galt, describes the strike as stopping the engine of the world by withdrawing the minds of individuals more contributing to the wealth and success of the nation.
With this fictitious strike, Rand intended to illustrate that without the efforts of rational and productive, the economy would collapse and society would collapse.
Rand's latest narrative work marked a turning point in his life, ending his career as a novelist and beginning his role as a popular philosopher.
After the book received many negative reviews, however, Rand fell into a severe depression that may have been aggravated by its use of prescription amphetamines.
Collective members held conferences for NBI and wrote articles for objective periodicals that he curated.
Rand later published some of these articles in the form of a book.
Critics, including some former NBI and Branden students themselves, described NBI culture as an intellectual conformity and excessive reverence for Rand, with some describing NBI or the entire objective movement as worship or religion.
Rand expressed opinions on a wide range of topics, including literature, music, sexuality, even facial hair, and some of his followers imitated all his preferences, wearing clothes to match characters from his novels and buying furniture like his.
Rand was not impressed by many NBI students and held them to strict standards, often reacting coldly or anger to those who disagreed with her.
However, some former NBI students believe that the extension of these behaviors has been exaggerated, with the problem that focuses on the closest followers of Rand in New York.
He received an honorary doctorate from Lewis & Clark College in 1963.
In 1964 Nathaniel Branden began a relationship with young actress Patrecia Scott, who later married.
A heavy smoker, Rand suffered surgery for lung cancer in 1974.
Many of her closest associates separated with her, and during the late 1970s her activities within the objective movement declined, especially after her husband died on November 9, 1979.
One of his final projects was work on a television adaptation of Atlas Shrugged.
Rand's funeral was attended by some of his prominent followers, including Alan Greenspan.
In his will, Rand called Leonard Peikoff the heir of his property.
As an atheist who rejected faith as an antithetic to reason, Rand embraced philosophical realism and opposed all forms of what he considered as mysticism and supernaturalism, including organized religion.
Rand also argued for rational selfishness (the interest of rational self), as the only just moral principle guide.
Rand argued that laissez-faire capitalism is the only moral social system.
Philosophy Chandran Kukathas said that his irrelevant hostility towards the state and taxation is in contrast with a rejection of anarchism, and his attempts to solve the difficulty are unweighted and unsystematic.
For example, the first edition of We the Living contained the language that was interpreted as supporting the ruthless elite: What are your masses, but the mud to be on the ground, the fuel to be burned for those who deserve it?
Among the philosophers Rand held in particular contempt was Immanuel Kant, who referred to as a monster and the most evil man in history.
Rand strongly opposed the fact that reason is unable to know reality as it is in itself, which he wrote to Kant, and considered his philosophy to be the exact opposite of Kant on every fundamental question.
When they were first published, Rand's novels were derived by some critics for a long time and melodramatic.
The first reviews that Rand received were for his game Night of January 16.
Broadway production reviews were mixed, and Rand also considered positive reviews to be embarrassing due to significant changes made to his script by the producer.
Rand's first bestseller, The Fountainhead, received much less reviews than We the Living, and reviewers opinions were mixed.
There was a positive review in the New York Times that Rand much appreciated.
The reviewer of the Times called Rand a writer of great power who writes brilliantly, beautifully and bitterly, and stated that he had written an anthem in praise of the individual ... you will not be able to read this master book without thinking through some of the basic concepts of our time.
There were other positive reviews, but Rand rejected most of them as not understanding his message or as being from unimportant publications.
Other negative reviews call insympathetic characters and Rand style offensively pedestrian.
The 1957 novel by Rand Atlas Shrugged was widely reviewed, and many of the reviews were strongly negative.
In the National Review, Conservative author Whittaker Chambers called the sophomoric book and remarkably silly.
Atlas Shrugged received positive reviews from some publications, but Rand scholar Mimi Reisel Gladstein later wrote that reviewers seemed to compete with each other in a contest to design smarter put-downs, calling him execrable claptrap and a nightmare; they said it was written by hate and shown remorseless hectoring and prolixity.
The author Flannery O'Connor wrote in a letter to a friend that Ayn Rand's fiction is as low as you can get re fiction.
Sounds like Mickey Spillane Dostoevsky.
Rand's non-fiction received much less reviews of his novels.
The critical tenor for his first non-fiction book, For the New Intellectual, was similar to that for Atlas Shrugged, with philosopher Sidney Hook who likes his approach to how philosophy is written in the Soviet Union and author Gore Vidal calls his point of view almost perfect in his immorality.
During Rand's life his work received little attention from academic scholars.
Some articles on Rand's ideas appeared in academic journals before his death in 1982, many of them in The Personalist.
The academic consideration of Rand as a literary figure during his life was even more limited.
Rand books continue to be widely sold and read, with 25 million copies sold since 2007, and 80,000 more sold each year according to the Ayn Rand Institute.
Examples include philosophers John Hospers, George H. Smith, Allan Gotthelf and Tara Smith, economists Alan Greenspan, George Reisman and Murray Rothbard, psychologist Edwin A. Locke, historian Robert Hessen and political writer Charles Murray.
Books of other authors on Rand and his philosophy also appeared on the non-fiction list.
Rand was quoted by numerous writers, artists and commentators as an influence on their life and thought.
Rand or characters based on his prominent figure in author novels such as William F. Buckley, Mary Gaitskill, Matt Ruff, J. Neil Schulman, and Kay Nolte Smith.
Other authors and artists, such as Steve Ditko, Terry Goodkind and Neil Peart, also cited her as an influence.
In the business world, Mark Cuban, owner of the Dallas Mavericks, and John P. Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods, said they consider Rand crucial to their success.
Other fans Rand avowed include the founder of Playboy Hugh Hefner and Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales.
Rand and his works were reported in a variety of media.
Two films were made on Rand's life.
A 1997 documentary, Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Ayn Rand's Passion, an independent film about her life, was released in 1999, with Helen Mirren as Rand and Peter Fonda as her husband.
References to Rand in these works are not always positive.
Nick Gillespie, editor-in-chief of the Reason, noted that Rand is a tortured immortality, one in which it is likely to be a line of fists as protagonist ... with jibes to Rand as cold and inhuman, running [ning] through popular culture.
Rand or his works were cited on animated series such as Futurama, South Park and The Simpsons, and on talk shows like The Colbert Report and Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Although he rejected conservative and libertarian labels, Rand had continuous influence on right-wing politics, especially libertarianism.
Burns further extrapolated on the gulf between Rand and Conservatives, noting that while traditional conservatism underlined duties, responsibility and social interconnection, at the center of the right ideology that Rand turned was a rejection of the moral obligation to others.
Despite Rand's non-traditional-Republican position as a pro-choice atheist, political figures citing Rand as influence are more often conservative or libertarian members of the United States Republican Party.
South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford wrote a 2009 review for Newsweek where he talked about how he was swept away after the first reading The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, while linking his sign to the understanding of the 2008 financial crisis.
The financial crisis of 2007 -- 2010 has aroused a renewed interest in its works, especially Atlas Shrugged, which some have seen as prefigure the crisis.
The guests of the conservative talk show, such as Glenn Beck, Neal Boortz and Rush Limbaugh recommended the novel to the public, and articles of opinion regarding real-world events with the plot of the novel.
During this period there was also a greater criticism of his ideas, especially from political left, with the criticism that blames his support for selfishness and free markets for the economic crisis, especially through his influence on Alan Greenspan.
Since Rand's death in 1982, interest in his work has gradually increased.
Some academic philosophers have criticized Rand for what they consider his lack of rigor and limited understanding of philosophical matter.
Chris Matthew Sciabarra questioned the motivations of some Rand critics because of what he calls the unusual hostility of their criticism.
Sciabarra writes, The Left was infuriated by his anti-communist and pro-capitalist policy, while the right was disgusted by his atheism and civil libertarian.
Sciabarra co-edits the Journal of Ayn Rand Studies, a non-partisan peer-reviewed magazine dedicated to the study of the philosophical and literary work of Rand.
Rand's ideas were also studied at Clemson and Duke universities.
In 1985 Leonard Peikoff founded the Ayn Rand Institute, which works to introduce young people to the novels of Ayn Rand, to support the scholarship and research based on his ideas, and to promote the principles of reason, rational self-interest, individual rights and secular capitalism to the widest possible audience.
In 1990, David Kelley founded the Institute for Objectivist Studies, now known as The Atlas Society.
His focus is to attract readers of Rand's fiction; The associated Objectivist Center deals with multiple academic initiatives.
The foundation supported research at the University of Texas in Austin, the University of Pittsburgh, Duke University and other schools.
Alain Connes is one of the main specialists of the operators' algebras.
Connes applied his work in areas of mathematics and theoretical physics, including number theory, differential geometry and particle physics.
He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences and several foreign academies and societies, including the Danish Academy of Science, the Norwegian Academy of Science, the Russian Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences of the United States.
Allan Dwan (3 April 1885 – 28 December 1981) was an American film pioneer, producer and screenwriter.
After the introduction of the talkies, in 1937 he directed Shirley Temple in Heidi and Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm the following year.
During his long and successful career that lasts over 50 years, he directed over 400 moving images, many of them very acclaimed, such as 1949 box office split, Sands of Iwo Jima.
He died in Los Angeles at the age of ninety-six, and is buried in the cemetery of the mission of San Fernando, Mission Hills, California.
Algeria is bordered north-east from Tunisia, east from Libya, west from Morocco, southwest from Western Sahara, Mauritania and Mali, south-east from Niger, and north from the Mediterranean Sea.
The capital of Algeria is Algiers.
Algeria is a member of the Arab League, the United Nations, the African Union and the OPEC.
He is also a founding member of the Arab Union of the Maghreb.
The name of the village comes from the city of Algiers.
In classical times northern Algeria was known as Numidia, which included parts of modern western Tunisia and eastern Morocco.
In ancient times Algeria was known as the kingdom of Numidia and its people was called Numidi.
This is another reason why the region was proposed by McKenna as the cradle of culture and civilization, as the visions induced by these mushrooms give a strong impetus to art, painting and sense of contact with the supernatural that is the basis of religious belief.
The Berbers conquered the opportunity offered by the punic wars to become independent of Carthage, and the Berber kingdoms began to emerge, especially Numidia.
In 200 BC, they were again conquered, this time by the Roman Republic.
The Berbers were made up of different tribes.
Each region of the Maghreb contained several tribes.
Algeria was part of the Ottoman Empire by Hayreddin Barbarossa and his brother Aruj in 1517.
In 1544, Hayreddin captured the island of Ischia, taking 4,000 prisoners, and enslaved about 9,000 inhabitants of Lipari, almost all the population.
In 1551 Turgut Reis enslaved the entire population of the Maltese island Gozo, between 5,000 and 6,000, sending them to Libya.
In 1554 the pirates plundered Vieste in southern Italy and took about 7,000 slaves.
In 1555 Turgut Reis plundered Bastia, Corsica, taking 6000 prisoners.
In 1558 the barbarian corsairs captured the city of Ciutadella, destroyed it, slaughtered the inhabitants and brought 3,000 survivors to Istanbul as slaves.
Barbarian pirates often attacked the Balearic Islands, and in response many coastal towers and fortified churches were erected.
The threat was so serious that the island of Formentera became uninhabited.
From 1609 to 1616, England lost 466 merchant ships to barbarian pirates.
In the 19th century, barbarian pirates captured ships and enslaved the crew.
The social fabric of Algeria suffered during the occupation: literacy has fallen, while the development of the earth has eradicated much of the population.
In 1954, the National Liberation Front (FLN) launched the Algerian independence war that was a guerrilla campaign.
The survey led to a frana vote for complete independence from France.
More than one million people, 10% of the population, fled to France and in a few months to mid 1962.
The first president of Algeria was the leader FLN Ahmed Ben Bella.
He was overthrown by his former ally and defense minister, Houari Boumédienne in 1965.
In foreign policy he has stretched relations with his western neighbour Morocco.
Within Algeria, dissent was rarely tolerated, and state control over media and the elimination of political parties other than FLN was cemented in the 1976 repressive constitution.
The modernization unit has led to significant demographic changes in Algeria.
The new generation struggled to refer to the cultural obsession of the war years and developed two protest movements in conflict: Communists, including Berber identity movements; and Islamist intégristes.
Mass protests from both camps in autumn 1988 forced Bendjedid to end the rule of a party.
He forced then President Bendjedid to resign and ban all political parties based on religion (including the Islamic Salvation Front).
It follows a political conflict that leads Algeria to the violent Algerian civil war.
The question of who was responsible for these deaths was controversial at the time between academic observers; many have been claimed by the Islamic Armed Group.
On 27 April 1999, after a series of short-term leaders representing the army, Abdelaziz Bouteflika, the current president, was chosen by the army.
The problem of Amazigh's languages and identity has increased significantly, especially after the 2001 Kabyle protests and the almost total boycott of local elections in Kabylie.
The government responded with concessions including the name Tamazight (Berber) as a national language and teaching in schools.
Much of Algeria is now recovering and developing in an emerging economy.
Recently, foreign investment in Algeria has increased.
The area from the coast to Tell Atlas is fertile.
South of Atlas Tell is a steppe landscape, ending with the Atlas of Sahara; south, there is the Sahara desert.
The mountains of Ahaggar (Arabic: جبال هقار), also known as Hoggar, are a high-level region in central Sahara, in the south of Algeria.
Rain is quite abundant along the coast of Tell Atlas, which ranges from 400 to 670 mm (15.7 to 26.4 in) annually, the amount of rainfall rising from west to east.
Precipitation is heavier in the northern part of East Algeria, where it reaches up to 1000 mm (39.4 in) in some years.
The head of state is the president of Algeria, elected for a five-year term.
Algeria has universal suffrage at 18 years.
According to the 1976 constitution (as amended in 1979 and amended in 1988, 1989 and 1996) Algeria is a multiparty state.
To date, Algeria has had more than 40 legal political parties.
Algeria has its strength oriented towards its borders of the western (Morocco) and eastern (Libian).
Its main military supplier was the former Soviet Union, which sold various kinds of sophisticated equipment in military commercial agreements, and the People's Republic of China.
In recent years Algeria has tried to diversify its sources of military material.
Russia is also building two 636 type diesel submarines for Algeria.
The tensions between Algeria and Morocco in relation to the Western Sahara have put great obstacles in the way of tightening the Union of Maghreb, which was nominally established in 1989 but brought little practical weight with its coastal neighbors.
Algeria is divided into 48 provinces (wilayas), 553 districts (daïras) and 1,541 municipalities (baladiyahs).
According to the Algerian constitution, a province is a territorial community that enjoys a certain economic freedom.
The Provincial Assembly of the People is the political body that governs a province, which has a president, elected by members of the assembly.
The fossil fuels energy sector is the backbone of the Algerian economy, which accounts for about 60% of budget revenues, 30% of GDP and over 95% of export earnings.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration reported that in 2005, Algeria had 160 trillion cubic feet (4,5 × 10 ^ 12 m 3) of proven natural gas reserves, the eighth largest in the world.
Algeria's finances in 2000 and 2001 benefited from an increase in oil prices and government's strict fiscal policy, leading to a large increase in trade surplus, high rates of exchange reserves and reduction of foreign debt.
In March 2006, Russia agreed to cancel $4.74 billion of Algeria's Soviet debt during a visit by President Vladimir Putin to the country, the first by a Russian leader in half a century.
In return, President Bouteflika agreed to buy $7.5 billion in combat plans, air defense systems and other weapons from Russia, according to the head of the state arms exporter of Russia Rosoboronexport.
Algeria has always been known for the fertility of its soil.
Tell Atlas is the growing land.
Algeria also exports figs, dates, grass and cork.
Almost all this population remained during or immediately after the country's independence from France.
According to UNDP, Algeria has one of the world's highest housing rates for housing, and government officials have publicly stated that the country has an immediate fall of 1.5 million housing units.
Women make up 70 percent of Algerian lawyers and 60 percent of their judges, and also dominate the field of medicine.
It is estimated that 95,700 refugees and asylum seekers sought refuge in Algeria.
This includes about 90.000 from Morocco and 4,100 from Palestine.
The ethnic Berbers are divided into several groups including Kabyle in the north-central mountainous area, Chaoui in the eastern Atlas mountains among other groups.
The official language of Algeria is Arabic, as specified in its constitution since 1963.
In addition to this, Berber has been recognized as a national language for constitutional change since 8 May 2002.
The Kabyle language, the most spoken Berber language of the country, is taught and partially co-official (with few restrictions) in parts of Kabylia.
Berber languages are spoken by 15% of the Algerian population mainly in Kabylia, Aurès and Sahara.
The Berbers (or Imazighen) speak one of the various dialects of Tamazight, which add up to about 28% of the population.
Arabic remains the only official language of Algeria, although Tamazight has recently been recognized as a national language.
Islam is the predominant religion, followed by more than 99 percent of the country's population.
Algeria had an important Jewish community until the 1960s.
In 2002 Algeria had an insufficient number of doctors (1.13 per 1,000 people), nurses (2.23 per 1,000 people), and dentists (0.31 per 1,000 people).
Given the young population of Algeria, politics favours preventive health care and hospitals.
In Algeria there are 43 universities, 10 colleges and 7 higher education institutions.
Among the famous novels of the 20th century include Mohammed Dib, Albert Camus and Kateb Yacine, while Assia Djebar is widely translated.
The Latin author Apuleius was born in Madaurus, in what later became Algeria.
It is not until he sees the most important man in the world -- John Galt -- tied to a torture machine, which is about to be killed by the plunderers (who recognize, too, that he is the only man who can save them from the economic collapse), who realizes that the moral code of the plunderers is one of death: who recognize what is good and necessary for life, but want to destroy it anyway.
The enigmatic John Galt is the main male hero of Atlas Shrugged.
Later in the novel the reader discovers the true identity of this worker is John Galt.
There is a price on his head in Norway, Portugal and Turkey; at some point, a policeman observes that the global rewards offered for his total capture $3 million.
He explains that this is not altruism; his motivation is to ensure, once the philosophy of Galt espousing is restored to their right place in society, they will have enough capital quickly to rebuild the world.
He took control of d'Anconia Copper at 23, after his father's death.
In the latter he failed, becoming a rather tragic figure, Cassandra-esque.
Like many of Rand's capitalist characters, he is a self-made man who began as an ordinary worker, showed talent, founded Rearden Steel and made it the most important steel company in the United States (and one of the most important companies of any kind).
The president of Taggart Transcontinental and the most important antagonist of the book.
Miss Rand abandoned her, she told me, when she found out it was impossible to make such a convincing character.
The infamous realization that Galt is the end of his efforts, the man of virtue, the perfect man -- and that his means do not adapt to this end (and that is destroying this, his ideal, for the good of those who are evil).
In the United States contemporary anthropology is typically divided into four subfields: cultural anthropology (also called social anthropology), archaeology, linguistic anthropology and biological/physical anthropology.
In universities in the United Kingdom, and most of Europe, these subfields are often housed in separate departments and are seen as distinct disciplines.
Cultural anthropology is also called socio-cultural anthropology or social anthropology (especially in Britain).
Kant is generally not considered a modern anthropologist, however, as he has never left his region of Germany nor studied cultures beyond his, and actually describes the need for anthropology as a corollary field to his primary field of philosophy.
The historians of anthropology, such as Marvin Harris, indicate two great paintings within which empirical anthropology has arisen: interest in people on space and interest in long-term human processes or humans as seen over time.
Herodote first formulated some of the persistent problems of anthropology.
The systematic observations of nature, anthropology and geography of Marco Polo are another example of the study of human variation in space.
Polo's journeys brought him through such a varied human landscape and his stories of the peoples he met while traveling were so detailed that they earned Polo the name of the father of modern anthropology.
Another candidate for one of the first scholars to carry out comparative studies of ethnographic type in person was the medieval Persian scholar Abū Rayhān Bīrūnī in the 11th century, who wrote about the peoples, customs and religions of the Indian subcontinent.
In the first, the encounter with multiple and distinct cultures, often very different in organization and language from those of Europe, has led to a continuous emphasis on intercultural confrontation and receptivity of certain types of cultural relativism.
E. B. Tylor (2 October 1832 - 2 January 1917) and James George Frazer (1 January 1854 - 7 May 1941) are generally considered the antecedents of modern social anthropology in Britain.
Tylor strongly supported universalism and a form of uniformity of humanity.
Tylor in particular laid the foundations for theories of cultural diffusion, stating that there are three ways that different groups can have similar forms or cultural technologies: independent invention, inheritance from ancestors in a distant region, transmission from one race [sic] to another.
Tylor formulated one of the first and influential anthropological conceptions of culture as that complex set that includes knowledge, faith, art, morality, law, custom, and all other abilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society.
Tilor also theorized the origins of religious feelings in human beings, proposing a theory of animism as the first phase, and noting that religion has many components, of which he believed the most important to be belief in supernatural beings (as opposed to moral systems, cosmology, etc.).
His comparative studies, more influential in the numerous editions of The Golden Bough, have analyzed similarities in religious faith and global symbolism.
Neither Tylor nor Frazer, however, were particularly interested in field work, nor were they interested in examining how cultural elements and institutions fit together.
The University of Cambridge finances a multidisciplinary expedition to the Torres Strait Islands in 1898, organized by Alfred Court Haddon and includes a doctor-anthropologist, William Rivers, as well as a linguist, a botanist, other specialists.
A. R. Radcliffe-Brown also published a seminal work in 1922.
He had done his first job on the field in the Andaman Islands in the old style of historical reconstruction.
The influence of Malinowski and Radcliffe-Brown is derived from the fact that, like Boas, actively trained students and aggressively constructed institutions that further their programmatic ambitions.
In Britain anthropology has had a great intellectual impact, it has contributed to the erosion of Christianity, to the growth of cultural relativism, to the awareness of the survival of primitives in modern life, and to the substitution of diacronic analysis modes with the synchronic, all central to modern culture.
Today, social anthropology in Britain is committed internationally with many other social theories and has branched in many directions.
Lewis Henry Morgan (1818 -- 1881), a Rochester lawyer, N.Y., became an ethnological lawyer and scholar of the Iroquois.
Like other scholars of his time (like Edward Tylor), Morgan argued that human societies could be classified into categories of cultural evolution on a scale of progression going from wild, barbarism, to civilization.
In general, Morgan used technology (such as bow or ceramic) as a position indicator on this scale.
Franz Boas founded academic anthropology in the United States in opposition to this type of evolutionary perspective.
For example, Boas studied immigrant children to demonstrate that the biological race was not immutable, and that human behavior and behavior caused childhood rather than nature.
Anthropology in the United States continues to be deeply influenced by the Boasian tradition, especially its emphasis on culture.
Boas used his positions at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History to train and develop multiple generations of students.
After three decades of amazing material, Boasians felt a growing desire to generalize.
Influenced by psychoanalytic psychologists including Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung, these authors tried to understand how individual personalities were shaped by the broadest cultural and social forces in which they grew.